score	review
5	New one hotel in Yogyakarta <U+0001F642>Good hotel, large standart room, next to mall and shopping center, huge restaurant, helpfull members, large area and free parking, huge swimming pool, kids pool, strategic place, 
4	We recently spent 4 nights at this Marriott Yogyakarta hotel, probably the newest 5 stars hotel in Yogya.  We stayed at Junior Suite room, thanks for the automatic upgrade provided due to my titanium elite status. The room is spacious, clean and in good condition. Bed is comfortable and comfy.   - Services from the team members are excellent, especially at the restaurant; they are all very nice and attentive (especially one of the team member named Tian).  - They also pay special attention and care to an elite member like myself, thanks for the delicious marshmallow dipped in chocolate.  - Bathroom and water pressure are very good.  - Food Quality are good & enjoyable but not very special. Taste can still be improved further, especially on traditional Indonesian food & desserts.  - Room design can be improved.  For Junior suite room We believe at least ‘capsule’ coffee machine should be installed.  And bathroom should have 2 sinks instead of 1.  - 2nd & 3rd phone should be installed in the bathroom and living room.  - The room should have a balcony to relax and enjoy the view of the pool.   Overall I believe the hotel actually deserves a 4.5 stars rating since this is indeed a very nice hotel, and recommended if you plan to stay in Yogyakarta.  …
5	What a great experience for me n my family since they go extra mile from my requests. The buffet also had many variations of foods and really suit our taste. It's a wonderful experience <U+0001F44D><U+0001F3FB> 10/10 <U+0001F44D><U+0001F3FB>
5	It was a pleasure stay at Mariott Yogyakarta, all the crews are very friendly and helpful. Breakfast and dinner are tasty and the best one compare than another 5 star hotel at Yogyakarta.  I was impressed with service from Maya and Zain. Zain can see that I love beras kencur and offer me a cup drink of beras kencur to take away. He even wrote a good words on our cups, I was very happy!  Sister Maya served me a chamomile tea, she said that it could help me to have a good quality of sleep..   Definitely will stay at Mariott again for the next trip.  Thank you!
5	Had a two nights stay for a business trip.  Check-in: It was swift and efficient. The BonVoy app from marriot makes checking in simpler and agile. Hotel cards can easily be replaced by tapping in my phone's NFC. Reception was warm, welcoming and helpful. Consierge was safe and assisting, did NOT slow down and wait for tip and that is great attitude (although i did tip but his attitude was great).  Room:  Dark neutral colour themed yet still welcoming to sweep you off to comfort. Carpet was firm and clean, good conditions. Bed is prime and hygienic. Sheets and duvet were chosen to define quality (light yet warm). Ac control unit is digital and very easy to use. Doors and walls are sturdy and serene, great accoustic sound proofing. Toilet can be improved. Seats were loose and wobbly. The rubber parts (where the water flows out) of all the armatures (shower hose, rainfall fixed shower, toilet jet spray) is worn with mould and calcification which makes the apoearance unhygienic and makes the water flows in weird and omnidirectional. Engineering could have a look at that as mould tinted shower heads leaves a feeling of disgust.  Facilities:  Pools were in great acidity (PH level) and chlorine level smells like its around 1.4 to 1.6. Just the right amount. Towels were flawless and spotless. Gym machinese were in optimal conditions and areas are clean. IT dept did a splendid job on arranging a seamless Wi-Fi. Its not easy as many 5 star hotels will flaw in this area. Wi-Fi is seamless without more than 60ms ping loss no matter where you are in the hotel area, automatically switching router to router to router in each respective range.  F&B: The prices of F&B including minibar (in-room) were of absolute value. Coffee for 45k, cola for 20k. Now that's fair and one of the greatest value I've had in a 5 star establishment.  Breakfast doesn't leave you longing for more. Sausage quality was average for a 5 star, local cuisine is too sweet and soggy, as if it was drenched in liquid. The staff service in the Yogyakarta Breakfast was perfect and resembles the marriot brand. No complaints there. Toast, syrup, jam quality was great. Cold cuts feels a bit aged (sour).   Outdoor seating in the breakfast area could be more maintained. Woods were chipping off and some splinter may poke if seated improperly.  Overall:  Great stay. Recommended for all business travellers. The minor flaws were easily forgotton due to how they astonishingly thrive in almost all areas. Simply the best hotel in yogyakarta. …
5	I have stayed in this Marriott since it first opened and become my top choice in Yogyakarta.  I like the room design, M club lounge, and most important their GOOD SERVICE.  Marriott Yogyakarta is the best hotel in town !!!
5	We enjoyed our stay at Marriott Yogyakarta. The room is very clean and spacious. Special thanks to Mr. Aji Kamadanu (FO) for being so helpful to us throughout our stay, we appreciate it. Definitely will consider staying here again in the future!
5	Today i was checked out from Marriott Yogyakarta. This  my 3rd times stayed at Marriott Yogyakarta. As usual, they staff gave me an amazing experience, and Outstanding services (from checked in, during stay and checked out) They are Yudha Umbara , Dichi , Lely , Perdi( FO & HK), Yolanda, Ira, Weny, Aguslyta, Maya, Slamet, Kharis, Zain and chef agustono (FB). Best Hotel in Yogyakarta. Good property , completed facility , near tourism attraction and mall. Very recomnded property if you traveling to Yogyakarta! Keep and maintain your Excellent Services!!!  Feels like home!
5	Last week i was stayed @ Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel for second times. They Staff very humble, attention to the guest needs and friendly. Especially for FB Team (Yolanda , Slamet , Agustin, Wenny, chef Agustono) and HK team (Novan and Anna). Breakfast at Yogyakarta Restaurant very delicious , many variety of food & beverage. Feels like home.  I will back to Yogyakarta Marriott soonest. 
3	Huge and beautiful room  Sadly, towels smell like cigarette!! Awful. We asked for the change of towels but they remain the same awful cigarette smell. The only difference was strong or weak smell of smoke. Unsure if the staffs were smoking while doing laundry.  Irony was the hotel has strict rules of not having more than 2 people in the room, even though there are limit of people imposed during breakfast time, it appeared to be over crowded in our personal view  Good selection of breakfast. Taste wise is just average. However, waffle n the ice cream taste really good.   Hope they do something about the laundry and perhaps watching out on breakfast crowd more strictly 
3	In this pandemic situation, I only trusted the 5 stars hotel that has strictly comply the Covid-19 protocols. Beside that, I really like the location of this hotel due to near to mall. We can do for shopping and fast to find coffee or eating.  However, it’s my second visit to this hotel and the pillowcase smells bad that’s always disappoint me. Even though  they had already changed the pillow but it still smells. 
5	I stayed for a night with my hubby, and I booked with Mr. Victorius Agung he's very kind. When I arrived in the hotel Mr. Asep as Receptionist welcoming us so friendly and give us free upgrade room with pool view, thanks<U+263A><U+FE0F>. Thank you for Dimas and Fahmi who prepared my special room, looks good<U+0001F60D> For Ms. Weny as greeter Yogyakarta Kitchen and Mr. Slamet as Waiter, thank you so much for assist us during breakfast time. All FnB staffs are very kind and helpfull. Thank's Marriot Yogyakarta<U+0001F970><U+2764><U+FE0F>
5	It's such a great place to stay. The hotel located in a strategic place, and close to the mall. Their service are very good that they provide anything i need. They also provide a great food for breakfast.  Their facilities such as pool and gym are also great.
5	I stayed here for business meeting. The room was spacious and comfort. The swimming pool was big and good place for relax. The service was OK.  The meeting was also held in this hotel and the arrangement as well as the meeting and ballroom were also good.
4	Check in on 2This property location is out off city centre, about 25 min from Malioboro. Close from Big Shopping Mall. Staff is friendly and profesional. Room is big and neat, good. Room amenities cheap quality for hotel like Marriot. Breakfast average, restaurant to crowded and weak protocol pandemic applied Swimming pool good, but so crowded during pandemic, should be guest limited. Weak pandemic protocol applied 
5	I'd like to specifically appreciate the hospitality shared by the staff in the restaurant near the pool.  My nephew ordered ‘Green Tea’ while he was expecting ‘Matcha’. When the staff finds this out, he mentioned that there was no ‘Matcha’ in the menu, but he has matcha powder and he said he will try to make matcha drink for my nephew. Et voila, the staff came with a matcha drink that is super tasty, my nephew is super happy and my heart feels so warm to encounter this kind staff who is going beyond his role.   It's also nice to have the pool where we an walk across the pool without swimming, love it!
5	Clean and spacious rooms. Staff is okay. Covid measures are in place. Parking is huge. Having direct access to the mall is the biggest plus point. Breakfast is good, but could have done better with more choices.
3	My last stay during business trip on some Marriott properties. Unfortunately this was not the memorable one. Booked a deluxe room, and as a platinum member was upgraded to a suite room. But no welcome amenities given, so I do not feel a special treatment here.  The room is  nice and big, lots of storage area, with nice Thann shower amenities.  But  I have issue with puddle water on shower area, and still not yet resolved until my check out time.   Breakfast service was my let down. The staffs were not responsive, and tends to service guest with better appearance. Food selection was very limited  with average taste. I decided to have my breakfast outside of the hotel on the second day.   Pool is big with nice view, except the abandoned building across the hotel.  Hotel itself is…
5	I stayed one night with my family. Hotel was adjancent with big mall in Yogyakarta and pool was superb. Staff service was cool. Food was delicious and various items. Room space was wide and view was awesome.
1	This is our first terrible experience with Marriott hotel. What we knew that Marriot has the highest standard for the guest service and experience, especially in this pandemic situation which all we knew that the Hotel should apply the safety protocol for their guest and employee.  There are some point that catch our attention : Hotel have no safety protocol during this pandemic period.  No queeing line for the guest in Lobby, the lobby was so crowded at 7 PM because all of the guest was waiting for the room. The guest gather in the Lobby like no physical distancing rules in the Hotel.And none of sign and none of the manager was incharge. We arrived on 7 PM and our room are not avalaible yet (until this time i wrote this feedback) When the staff incharge ( Aji) told us that they…
1	Worst check-in Experience I have ever had in my over 10 years member loyalty. Being ambassador elite member and life time platinum member never been on my nerve but the pictures explain. I had my check-in confirmed the night before I checked in today and after arriving at 4 pm the reception informed me the room is not ready???? I have waited over 45 mins and if I didn’t show frustration or anger no one would have attended me ! I have requests for the Duty manager to come up and after nearly 30 mins the ops director showed up apologizing yet not acceptable. Another frustrating experience there was no security check, no temperature check done at the entrance (pictures explain). The lobby was crowded with many guest who was facing the same issues so clearly no social distancing and…
1	1. Checking in at 5 PM and two rooms out of three still not cleaned yet. I need to wait for another 30 mins. 2. Inconsistency in each room. One had slipper, and others don’t. One with laundry bag, others don’t. 3. Cleanliness. Yellow towel in rooms and pool. Pillow smelled like someone with a lot of salves just slept on it (in all three bedrooms!). Dirt, dust, and hairs behind the couch. You name it, and it’s there. There are spots on the sheet, as well as visible holes. Last time I visit this hotel, I find a bottle cap in the bathroom. Good things that on this visit, I see a bottle cap again. At least something is consistent. Empty plates in the corridor were left from night to almost afternoon on the following day. One of my family is a fan of the public toilet. He uses the…
5	I stayed 1 night in this hotel. The facilities are very complete. They make aniversary decorations in the room as I requested. My room got an upgrade, and they gave bonus cake for Marvott Bonvoy members. Get dinner and breakfast packages. Buffet dinner, they adopted a good health protocol at the time of this pandemic, a spoon to take dishes 1x use, good job.  A la carte breakfast, we can order the menu as desired.  The swimming pool is very large, safe for children. Fitness equipment is very complete. In my opinion, Marriott is one of the very good hotels in the city of Yogyakarta.
5	As the name “Marriot” says it, the hotel was very comfy and the room is reasonably big, the food were pretty good, and suitable for kids. Will recommend to friends, since Marriot is one of the best hotel in Yogyakarta region.
5	This hotel is really excellent. The staffs are working tirelessly to make sure the guests have a fantastic experience.  The club lounge assistance manager Ms Citra went above and beyond to make sure our stay a memorable ones and she did it. I'm really thankful to her and the rest of the staffs.  I've stayed in a couple of Bonvoy hotels in Indonesia and I can safely say that I found this gem in Yogyakarta.The quality of service is on par with Ritz Carlton Mega Kuningan.  We arrived in an early morning and immediately checked into a nice suite without having to wait. The club lounge and the restaurant service are excellent. They just did everything right. The house keeping is fast and precise. The front desk is helpful and friendly.  I hope to stay with them again in the near…
5	Me and husband was celebrate out 2nd anniversary at yogyakarta Marriott from 14-16 March 2020. To summarize our stay, we really enjoyed every moment we had with yogyakarta Marriott. The service was on top notch!                                                      On the arrival day, we were warmly welcomed by Chornellia (if im not wrong) she always accomodating and always smiling while check in process . When me and husband arrived at our room . How surprised i am for the little touch from GR & HK team (Ibnu & purwo).. also for a delicious cake, cookie & jamu .. thank you so much !!                                                             Moving from the room.. i think it was delux room with space from us to room around. The toilet is so spacious with a variety of bath…
5	Had the chance to visit this property for one night as we came to Yogyakarta for a couple days.  Traveling all over the world, i love to see how each Marriott property treats its Bonvoy members.  Being titanium elite I have had a mixture of experiences.  Let me start off by saying the staff at this property has been the best Marriott stay I have ever had worldwide.  Upon arrival i was escorted to the M Club which houses the elite member checkin area.  Citra was great in getting us checked in and comfortable.  I was upgraded to a suite room with pool view.  My other two rooms as well were upgraded to a deluxe pool view.  She then guided us to grab some snacks and drinks before showing us to the elevator.  Best part of the trip was all the staff handling the club area and around…
4	Hotel services is very good and that the location is close to area of interest. The shopping centre next to the hotel is good as it have all the restaurant and shopping needed to do in yogyakarta. Rooms are clean and comfortable for a short break..Will consider to come back for a visit soon.
5	We were there for 3 nights. Things that stood out and we enjoyed. The rooms were spacious with village view. The pool area and the restuarant there are enjoyable in the evening though swimming pool closes way too early at 7pm or maybe 8pm. The food order to serve time is very long. But we were not in a hurry. Bottled water was available on demand. The buffet and order options were plenty at the main restuarant and food is good. Lastly connected to a big shopping mall, makes up for anything you are missing. I would stay here becoz of the vicinity as well. Getting in and out of the hotel was time consuming
5	My impression:   First came to the hotel lobby quite spacious and monochrome style, the staff was very warm welcoming my arrival. Then upon check-in process simply, and friendly (sorry I forgot the name of the lady receptiont), the room was not ready and I decided to look for lunch at the mall next door, i never expected they call me back for confirm my room is ready  but they did it.   The rooms are different from the Marriott I have visited, very unique for bathroom and very spacious, but kinda annoyed view (below like a landfill), but no problem i still can see mountain.  Taking time to enjoy the gym facilities that are quite complete and pool, but unfortunately for jacuzi is still not ready, i wish the next visit can be enjoyed.    I was able to have dinner in the Dapur…
5	When you stay at Marriott you just don’t have to worry. This was spot on. Beautiful lobby decorated to celebrate CNY. Welcome drink, map and recommendations. Beautiful, clean and luxurious room with a nice view of the pool. Nice, quiet and serene.  I enjoyed the spa and the breakfast and the surrounding mall for a little stroll  The friendly staff recommend Sasanti for dinner where Obama dined with his family once. Nice choice. Also got recommended a nice traditional gudeg restaurant.  I only stayed one night in order to visit Prambanan and then left to visit Borobudur.
5	Absolutely the nicest hotel in Jogjakarta.   The staff are always so friendly and welcoming and always greet us with the warming smile.    At the buffet which we always go to the supervisor Gery was very friendly and professional and had a great chat with us.   100% would recommend this hotel and the buffet!
5	First time staying there and I’m very impressed with the service from all their staff. Front counter and service staff are polite, warm and friendly. Engineering staff are quick to respond. My room’s hotel card reader had a faulty battery and the staff managed to replace within 15minutes.  Location is about 25 minutes to the Adisucipto Airport.  Hartono mall is directly beside the hotel.  For sightseeing, Malioboro area is about 30 minutes drive from the hotel.  I like the general ambience of the hotel as it is quiet and peaceful.
4	Very nice big room with there is bluetooth JBL speaker for clock and alarn and able to connect handphone as well. Nice and bid bath room as well Highspeed free wifi works well The food variation during my 4 nights stay is quite same everyday
5	Trying for first time to experience wonderful holiday in Marriott Yogya and surprisingly turn out to be wonderful for our family there.   It was great to see how they claimed themselves as Five Star Hotel with Five Star standard from Services, Quality of Breakfast, Facilities and speed of their staffs.   Pleasure place to come back again for holiday or business. 
5	I had a very enjoyable and restful stay here, over a week in December. The staff were great, with the Executive Lounge staff particularly good. The breakfast was excellent. The staff throughout the hotel were (mostly) excellent ---I was a little disappointed with the hotel's inability to coordinate a business meeting for me (between not understanding how and then taking too long to try to arrange it). Apart from this, though, it was an outstanding stay. Strongly recommend.
5	I am writing this review on behalf of my mom. She spent two nights in this hotel with my father and my sister's family. The hotel is modern, relatively new, with huge rooms and hollywood type of single beds. The bathroom is clean and spacious enough. But what matters most is the housekeeping and kitchen service: a prompt response and attentive. Keep up the good work, guys!
4	Stayed here on October on business trip. This hotel has everything for you : a very nice and beautiful room, very good breakfast, nice location beside a huge shopping mall, and most of all, a huge and so beautiful swimming pool on the roof. It's fantastic !  Hope to have a chance to stay again one day at Marriott Yogya ! Good job guys !
4	It’s a beautiful and big hotel in Yogyakarta. This hotel is next to a shopping mall so it’s very convenient if someone is looking for places to eat with food court and nice restaurants. Check in was fast. The hotel is very nice and beautiful. If you have a Marriott status beyond Gold you can eat breakfast at the M lounge or/and at the restaurant. There’s not much of choices at the lounge but the restaurant has many choices. Food at the restaurant:The broth for the noodles soup wasn’t consistent one day was great other day was so bland. Some servers don’t understand English well and one out of 4 days I was there, I had to wait almost 30 minutes for my tea after repeatedly asking for my tea several time The M lounge doesn’t have much choices for either food or desserts and they…
5	The hotel is very nice and new. Big room and bed and they also have big sofa in the room. Very good for family visit. Behind big mall (Hartono Mall). Good swimming pool. Very rcommended to stay here when visit Jogja.
5	Stayed with two kids for 4 nights. Enjoyed every bit of my stay from Checkin to check out. The staff are very courteous and cordial. The breakfast was excellent.  Rooms are spacious and clean. Both restaurants are great. Especially liked the pizza and other menu of Taman Sari. Pool is big and clean. Spa was also very nice. All in all a excellent stay....
4	Good: + Platinum member upgrade to suite with pool view + Breakfast Buffet + M Lounge, all food, drinks and staff were great. I mean staff I barely interacted with addressed me by name (!) amazing. + Calling the nurse when I got sick and helping me get some food.  I really want to give 5 stars, but some areas need to highlight. Bad:  - Dirty bath towel, this was raised with housekeeping and staff has genuinely apologised - which I appreciate. I feel this was a one-off and not the norm. - Almost need to fight for published benefits. I booked a rate that gave up to 15% F+B credit per night, at first I suspected a mis-communication for the refusal. Only after firmly, but politely showing the T+C on the Marriott website did they accept.  - Bonus points still not posted to my account…
5	I would highly recommending this hotel as excellent services provided by the team right from check in to M Club staff, the staff that particular to mention, Sofien in the M Club and Ridwan, duty manager as well as the front desk team, Carolina and Aya. Thx for looking after me during my stay in this excellent hotel.
5	Stayed for 3 nights. Loves the spacious room and comfortable bed. View was nice with a bit of city view and mountains at the back.  We particularly enjoyed the pool very much. 4 pools for different age group hence I have uninterrupted laps at adult pool. Jucuzz jet is av at all 3 pools just nice to relieve back, leg and calfs muscleache.  Breakfast was yummy, I  particularly love the jamu and the Waffle and French toast. Must try.
3	As a Bonvoy Titanium member, I booked 2 rooms for family vacations in Yogyakarta. Using Suite Award, one of the room was upgraded with a connecting room. The rooms are fantastic. I guess partly the hotel overall is fairly new.  Why I am giving this only a 3 star is because of couple of things :  1) The M Lounge - I don't think it lives up to Marriott Lounge Standard. This looks like Courtyard by Marriott at MOST. I have enjoyed a better service of Courtyard By Marriott in India - Yes, India, Not Indonesia.  2) Some of the staff, does not behaves like serving guests in 5* Marriott. Sorry to say, this is not even hitting the basic of 5*. This is especially at the back office. Ther are fairly arrogant to spell out the ground rules - Is that how they treat someone who gives 100…
5	Great hotel n great services large swimming pool n good food. Breakfast was awesome! So many variaties.  Swimming pool also good. They have kids pool and adult pool. Fitness room was nice. The club lounge was ok with free drinks. But the food and snack was until 8.00 pm only (I think this should be reconsidered by the management). Location was good... just beside the hartono mall (the biggest mall in jogja). Staffs were friendly and helpful.
5	Wow, Western hotels in Asian countries are very true at being nice lodging options for a relatively cheaper price than what you would pay in the States. As this was probably one of the nicest Marriott hotels I’ve ever stayed at, I had a very nice and pleasant experience and would recommend guests to consider this hotel for your lodging option in Yogyakarta.  The hotel is located northwest of the airport less than 4 miles, took maybe 20 minutes by car. The hotel is in a very good location, adjacent to the Hartono Mall which I think is one of the bigger shopping malls in Yogyakarta.   Hotel staff were all very friendly and quick to smile and help. What I like about hotels here in Asia is that they acknowledge you for being a Marriott elite member. Even being Silver back in the…
5	The room was spacious, beautiful, and clean. What I like the most was the bed.. they were big enough to fit 1 child and 1 adult. We booked for twin room and the bed size was 160x200m per bed!  Breakfast was awesome! So many variaties.  Swimming pool also good. They have kids pool and adult pool. Fitness room was nice. The club lounge was ok with free drinks. But the food and snack was until 8.00 pm only (I think this should be reconsidered by the management). Location was good... just beside the hartono mall (the biggest mall in jogja). Staffs were friendly and helpful.  Cons: no sauna and steam room.  
5	I've been coming to the Mariott in Jogja for almost 2 years. The rooms are big, the breakfast buffet is excellent and most importantly, the service. At M lounge, Sofie, Dicie, Iin and their colleagues have amazing service. I come here every 2-3 mths and the Mariott is the only place we choose to stay at. Thanks so much everyone. 
5	Im stay here for a night, and this is a perfect hotel Bcoz i book the room with M Club which is we can try all u can drink coctail with perfect sidedish. Last but not least, Sofie help us to stay here, she so kind give us late check out for the next day. Overall PERFECT hotel
5	My husband and I had an excellent stay in Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel. The room and facilities are modern, spacious and well-equipped. The check-in and check-out process by Citra and Sofie were seamless. There was a wide spread of both western and local food at the breakfast buffet, and the staff (Cindy and another trainee) offered to make healthy tea and juice for us. The staff also prepared breakfast boxes for us the morning we were headed to the Borobodur Sunrise Tour. The hotel is also conveniently located next to Hartono Mall, where there is a CGV cinema and plenty of food options (we loved Pawon’e). We will definitely stay here if we visit Yogyakarta again!
5	Excellent associates,friendly also super polite. The hotel is located next to shopping mall. Great room, breakfast buffet is very diverse. Yudha at the Concierge is very attentive, helpful and looked into details in assisting for ground transfers, some routes, local & traditional entertainment & restaurants.
5	Good to be back and always happy when met all the peoples in Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel. All the staff are all the stellar! Room, food and all the facilities could bring you to the next step of great stay. One of the best marriott hotel in Asia, overall experience, more than satisfied.  Thank you Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel
4	I went to Yogyakarta for business purpose. I feel satisfied staying at Yogyakarta Marriot hotel. The room was ready before checkin time. It has beautifull infinity pool and good gym. The room was spacious with nice design. If you feel bore just walk to hartono mall. 
5	Staying at this hotel is one of the most memorable stays my wife and I have ever had. My wife and I didn't have much expectation seeing how it was a category 2 Marriott hotel but wow did it blow us away.   We have stayed at some luxury collection hotels but the service we received at this hotel supercedes in comparison to any other hotel we have stayed at. From the staff that assisted is in checking in, cleaning the rooms, assisting us in the lounge, and also in the kitchen every single person was genuinely kind and eager to help.   We had no issues with food eventhough we were vegetarian. The kitchen staff went above and beyond to make sure we were well taken care of due to our dietary restrcitons. For example, in the lounge the chef, Anastasia, was always available to give us…
5	The Marriott Yogyakarta is an outstanding hotel in a very interesting city. The rooms are new, up to date,  and very comfortable. The pool and exercise area are spacious, well designed, and meticulously maintained. The hotel also is well situated to have easy access to the city. However, what really separates this hotel from others is the staff. In my 40 years of travel I have never encountered such a welcoming, attentive and professional staff. Whether it be at the front desk, either of the 2 restaurants on site, laundry service or pool/exercise area everyone was professional and there to help. In the restaurants the food was some of the best we encountered in all of Yogyakarta. Additionally, staff including Uji, Putri and Jared are truly exceptional individuals who went out of…
4	I enevr stayed in Marriott Yogya, but I had a few meetings there. The coffee break is good, but the pastry wasn't that good. The dinner is awesome, luxury thing that you can afford. The banquet staff weren't that friendly but I don't really care, as long as the meeting room is nice and cool.
5	Stayed over 1 night at this Marriott, a great base to explore the city. The hotel is connected to Hartono Mall, which I think is the best mall in Yogyakarta currently. The hotel is truly modern and up to par with the newer Marriott hotels overseas. Check in was swift & friendly. We were given a room on the 2nd floor right beside their infinity pool. The room is spacious and love the design & color tone of the room. Bathroom is spacious as well & comes with shower only. Breakfast buffet has great selections of food and nice ambiance. But the most outstanding thing about the hotel is the staff, their staffs are very attentive, friendly without being to obtrusive. Truly 5 star!
5	It was a super nice hotel with super nice people I had while staying here. The location is super nice (right next to Hartono Mall). The pool is super wide and best to enjoy sunset.  The room is super grande! I order for twin bed, even fit for 4 person :p the bathroom super nice and relaxing.  The breakfast? I cant complain, best one! The staff are super nice and make sure I was happy and full lol.
5	The Jogja Marriott hotel lived up to our  high expectations of a Marriott brand. The hote has a large and impressive entrance. The check-in staff was very polite and efficient. We had booked multiple rooms and they gave us connecting rooms for our families which made a huge difference to us. The check-in experience  clued us into the wonderful service we were going to experience during our stay.  We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and the service at the hotel, without exception, was excellent. Whenever we made any requests of the staff they went out of their way to satisfy them. The hotel staff made us feel special. The concierge staff helped us with our tours and travels around Jogja and those arrangements were top notch.  Our rooms overlooked the beautiful hotel pool. The…
5	This is our third stay at the Marriott Yogyakarta and have nothing but praise to write.  It seems each visit the hotel simply gets even better.  The hotel is strategically located beside the gigantic Hartono Mall that makes shopping an appreciated convenience.  The center of town is approximately a 15-20 minute drive depending on traffic.  All the staff, from front desk, lobby entrance, restaurant, housekeeping, security are polite, friendly, and always willing to provide assistance.  The rooms are very modern, spacious, and immaculately clean.  The bathrooms are contemporary with beautiful marble floors and modern sliding doors.  Our room overlooked a large swimming pool. Breakfast is a lavish smorgasbord of foods from Indonesian, other southeast Asian, to Western specialties…
5	The staff tried its best to accommodate our requests (upgrade for Marriott Platinum guest for example) and was extremely polite throughout our stay. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. The breakfast buffet was fantastic.
5	This is my first visit to Yogjakarta and I chose to stay at the Marriott here. The hotel is celebrating its second anniversary so it is fairly new. The biggest standout for me is the friendliest staff I've ever encountered in all the Marriott properties I've stayed to date. Nothing is too much trouble and they remembered our names... the drinks that we like and ever so attentive.  The room is spacious and comfortable. The bath tub is enormous and one could enjoy a bath while enjoying the sunset!  Food at the kitchen is average and probably can be improved upon but the choices is plentiful.  The Quan Spa is very good. Marriott members get discount of 10% to 20%, depending on the category of membership.   I enjoyed my stay very much and would highly recommend it. 
5	I thing this hotel is The best and newest hotel in jogja right now. I live with family in this hotel and we like it,our room is big enough,the breakfast is good,the swimming pool is good..not far from the airport too
5	I had a pleasant stay here. from the moment I walked in,  the service was excellent. From the breakfast, to the M club everything was excellent, especially Ms Anitha and the team. Definitely will revisit!
5	Let's begin by saying that there is nothing negative to write about this hotel. Literally everything was perfect. Location was perfectly placed beside Hartono Mall which makes grocery shopping a breeze. We arrived at the hotel at around 1030am or so, which was a very weird time to check in. Of course, we emailed prior to arrival for an early-check in and surprisingly, we were able to get a room about 20 minutes after arriving. To make it even sweeter, they were really kind enough to decorate our room with a romantic setting for our wedding anniversary.  All the staffs, from front desk, lobby entrance, restaurant, housekeeping, security and swimming pool staffs were really polite and friendly, always with a smile on their faces. Room was clean and spacious with a very modern…
5	Nice hotel, friendly staff, good location, next to mall so you can go shopping, find something to eat or just walking around. The room is big and have a quite big sofa in it so if you stay with your kids no need extra bed. Breakfast is nice and there are many variants of food.
5	Couldn't fault this hotel. The staff are so accomadating, food excellent and great value. Special mention to Anita in the restaurant who looked after us so attentively. The swimming pool is a big plus and excellent place to relax when the sun goes down.
5	I’m very happy to stay in Marriott because the staff are truly nice and kind with all my family! Thank you for the housekeeper specially Ibnu, every morning and every evening who make my day happy ! They are all caring and attentive with us. The staff on the restaurant Yogyakarta Kitchen are also kind: Dana, Havidz, Anita... ALL STAFF !! We love the staff and I think I come back next year. Thank you for everything.  Irna from New Caledonia in French Pacific Island. IG: Crazy.Aoky
5	I'm just stopping by for meeting with my colleagues then Joining for buffet dinners. The room was extremely comfy. The pool views are beautiful. The food was delicious and so many choices. The pasta was great even I'm reorder it again. Havidz are really great he knews how to made us comfort with all services and also for others staff they are educated so polite and must be well trained. Definitely I'll be back in close period time.
5	I stayed 1 night, had dinner and breakfast,the room has spacious, very soft pillows and bed, the cleanliness was excellent also the attendants  named, Arin,Tiya and Ira kindly assists everything what i need during i stayed.. thankyou very much, i can't wait to had another wonderful experience at this Hotel again.
5	This is my third stays in the past year.  Strong elite recognition with very friendly staffs.  Good club lounge with good selection of food and drinks during evening cocktails.  Breakfast was rather busy on Sunday but they opened the door between the restaurant and the lounge to easy the traffic.  I think I don't need to repeat what I have said on my previous review.  Definitely will go back to this hotel when I am in town.  
5	Everything superb here, from check in, FnB, Rooms, Gym, Pool.. for sure will comeback again here.  All the staff are well educated and friendly. Breakfast menu are too much variety and all food are delish tasty. Keep up ur good work all. Thumbs up!!!!
5	We stayed here for a week and were sad we were leaving. The hotel has a friendly and personal approach which makes you feel really welcome. The restaurant has amazing food and the staff makes sure you get full service. A special thanks to staff members Havidz (restaurant) and the people from the front desk. You are very professional and know what hospitality is all about. Good job !  The rooms are beautiful and clean.  We will for sure book this hotel again when we come back to Yogja.  Terima kasih banyak ! 
5	We have visit many hotels in Indonesia but a hotel with this kind of service is unique. The staff of this hotel is so well trained that they know exactly what you want to be treated. My compliments goes specially to Havidz from the breakfast and Hadi from the gym and swimming pool. They did a really great job and in hope that the hotel management give them also credits for doing a great job to give the guests a great feeling. I want to thank the guy from the front desk that help us to booked a room for my friend from Yogyakarta to feel the same experience.  For al the people in the world who are looking for a great hotel in Yogyakarta, don’t look further you find the place to be.  
4	We booked the club room for 3 nights when attending a family wedding. We were excited that it is located next to a shopping mall as we have a toddler traveling with us. The room is very nice, very modern styled, bathroom is super spacious. The pool is also nice for adults and kids although it could use more greeneries. It is a very new hotel so maybe that why the don't have enough big trees yet. We had a hard time rinsing off after a pool time cause we had to walk all the way to their gym toilet to get changed and shower. The AC is very cold, not suitable for trying to get little children cleaned up after a swim. We didn't see any outdoor shower near the pool. No kids club so you will need to get to the mall for kids entertainment. The hotel is more for business type guests I…
4	Rooms are spacious, something that today's  hotels don't usually have. The Deluxe Room, the lead-in category messures 40m2. Once the sliding walls between the bedroom and bathroom are retracted, the room feels even more spacious. Meeting facilities are to note of this hotel. The ballroom seats 1,650 banquet style. Supporting the bathroom is 7 meeting rooms for smaller meetings. Another pride of the hotel is the event technology. The Marriott Meeting Service app allows service requests to be made in real time. Breakfast at The Yogyakarta Kitchen is very enjoyable. The buffet spread is lavish and delicious. I enjoyed spending time sitting at the breakfast table and tried different things on diferent days, Relaxing at the pools with kids or pamper yourself at the spa is recomended …
5	This hotel has to be the best business hotel in town. I have been there few times and each time was great. The room I was allocated was nice overlooking the pool - The service of the entire staff is great and they have a lot of attention to details to make you remembering your stay.
4	Stay in this hotel for 3 days and Infound that tjisnhotelnis very nice, room are very comfortable and staff are very friendly.  The positive point of this hotel is attached to Hartono Mall where you can easily go for shopping. Airport Adisutjipto (JOG)!is just 20 mins by car.  Overall it was pleasant stay.
4	Fantastic hotel. We stayed at the junior suite. Next to big shopping centre so plenty of food options and the buffet breakfast was sensational.  Would have given the hotel 5/5 had they not had the silly policy set by the manager of not letting my child into the Marriot Club. Thankfully, we had a sales consultant from Ritz Carlton help us sort this out.
5	Everything is PERFECT! From the day we check in to check out, the staffs were very courteous. Customer service was superb for all, thanks to Daniel he was very helpfull and nice. The room is very comfy, the house keeping boy Alvian he’s so polite and very friendly. Breakfast was AWESOME. Swimming pool was great. We will definitely come again during our trip to Yogya and from now on will be our regular hotel to stay whenever we visit Yogya. Keep up the good work! Thank you so much Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel. It was splendid experience for us.
5	What amazing value! For less than USD150 a night, you can upgrade to a club room which gives you access to the lounge where snacks and drinks (yes, even alcoholic ones!) are served through till 11.30pm. The rooms are clean and modern, and the twin bed configuration we booked was supremely roomy...you could fit a family with 2 adults and 2 young children easily. Location wise it's about 15-20 minutes away by car to the city centre, but slightly more peaceful as a consequence.   The breakfast buffet spread was exceptional - make sure to come hungry - and even the spa was not over priced by 5 star hotel standards. My only critique of this property would be the dim, white lighting in the lobby washrooms as it detracted from the luxurious feel that otherwise runs through the entire…
5	I visited Yogyakarta Marriot hotel on 26 until 27 August 2019. I attended in seminar held by Bank Indonesia Central Bank of Indonesia). The location of this hotel near a very great and famous mall called Hartono Mall in a very strategic location. The service of the hotel is very excellent. The food in the restaurant is very delicious and high class. I recommend other people to stay at this hotel
5	The Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel is a newer hotel, right next to an upscale shopping mall and about 15 or 20 minutes by car (depending on traffic) from the old airport.   Everything about the hotel is excellent. From the doormen to the front desk to the club lounge staff to the pool attendants to the housekeepers. The staff are some of the best staff I have ever encountered. Very professional and hospitable. When you ask for something or request a service you get it. There is no asking twice. Housekeepers keep your room exceptionally clean.    The gym and pool are very nice for a city hotel and are actually better than gyms and pools at some big resorts. My only complaint is the pool closes too early. It would be nice to swim at night, especially if you are in Yogyakarta for work…
5	Loved the facilities, very clean and modern. The buffet breakfast was amazing with so many choices. We loved our stay. The only detail why it was not perfect was due to the loud sounds from the nearby mosque that woke us up around 4 am but I guess this would be the case in almost all Yogya. If you are a light sleeper I'd suggest bringing some ear plugs.
5	I stayed at Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel for two nights on August 2019 to experience the cultural city of Yogyakarta.  The location is a bit unfortunate as it is bit far from the tourism area such as Malioboro but It would be very great for business trip as it is easily accessed from the main line. It is connected to Hartono Mall which is very helpful for my case as I was forgot to bring socks and so I can get them easily at the H&M in Hartono Mall.  The room is modern, bedding is comfortable, linens are great, spacious and sparkling clean. bathroom feels luxurious with all the marble surfaces. Unfortunately we were unlucky as we got this no view room (we booked city view room) which is not what we expected and not what its advertised (see the picture) the views were blocked by…
5	The hotel is modern, clean, and very appealing. The value received relative to the rate paid was outstanding. As Marriott platinum members we were upgraded to a very spacious seventh floor suite with views over the pool and the hills beyond. The room had every desired amenity and was quiet and tranquil. Every staff member we encountered was polite and helpful.   The hotel offers a very nice pool deck with a large, inviting swimming pool. Next door to the hotel is the modern Hartono shopping mall which offers a number of shops, casual restaurants, a food court, and a hypermarket.  There is a spacious club lounge on the ground floor which offers a limited breakfast spread and evening snacks. Guests can also take breakfast in the restaurant which features a bountiful buffet of…
5	From the moment we arrived at the hotel to moment we left, the high level of customer service we experienced was evident throughout the hotel. Breakfast was a banquet, served by staff who could not do enough to make the experience a wonderful occasion. The Executive Lounge was truly outstanding with Sofie, Dichy, Baim and Jovin making the experience memorable. Immense thanks and praise especially goes to Jovin who personally organised our onward travel plans to Jepara and then on to Karimunjawa Island. We really appreciated this extra effort and her local knowledge.
5	I stayed in this hotel for four nights. During my stay I was feeling sick and needed a doctor.  The hotel staff did everything to make my stay perfect, despite that I felt sick. A hotel nurse visited me before the doctor came to visit me. The staff and the manager of the restaurant and the M Club staff went above and beyond to fulfill my needs and offer me options that would make me feel better. As a titanium elite I was treated like a VIP guest and the hospitality was always genuine and warm.  I stayed in a (junior) suite which had all the comfort one would need. The room was quiet, modern, clean and comfortable. The food offered in the club lounge looked good and varied every day, although I did not eat much of it. Some spirits are offered, next to beer, wine  soft drinks,…
4	Good hotel with horrible staff and service. Room is very spacious. Hotel is still in good condition as it is only a few years old. However, the staff and service is horrible. They‘d rather spend their energy running their mouth denying any request and inquiries from us, rather than do some efforts to help.
5	- The hotel is new and modern architecture - Room: nice, cozy and spacious room. Sufficient and bright light in the room so it is very helpful for me who do my works (reading and typing) in the room.  - The staffs: friendly and polite. - Foods: various menu for breakfast.
5	Room is very spacious, can easily accomodate 3 pax comfortably. We really like the long sofa by the window.  Breakfast is excellent with huge varieties from local food to Western. Although the hotel was full when we visited, the staffs at restaurants were fast, friendly and super efficient.  Highly recommend the massages which are value for money.    The only downside during our stay was our bathroom was leaking so there were puddles of water and they are smelly. Called the maintenance guy to come in, the guy came in to fix the toilet when we were out but didn’t bother cleaning up the floor so when we came back near midnight after the concert, there were still water everywhere with bad smell. Called the concierge but since this was after midnight, nobody picked up the call.   
3	I tried to get an early check in after a long drive. The receptionist said that no room was available because the night before the hotel was fully booked. She charged my credit card for guarantee and asked me to return after 3.00 pm.  When we finally checked in, one of the rooms (650) had a broken door.  The duty manager said that the room hasn't been used in a while.  We had to wait for around 30 minutes before they moved us to room 630.   We were faced with a similar situation when we had our breakfast:  we were told to wait ( beside the dirty table) because the restaurant staff had to clean the table,  even though there were many empty clean tables available.  Overall it was really ridiculous especially after later I found out from Marriot Bonvoy email that I can do an early…
5	I stayed for the weekend with my wife in July 2019, in Room 901, a Club Pool Room.  The room was fantastic, exceptionally well appointed, modern and clean with lovely furnishings. It is at the end of the Hotel with a view overlooking the pool and provides a beautiful sunset.  The associates at the hotel are all lovely, always smiling and genuinely wanting to help. Tiara and Mona from the M Club lounge were particularly wonderful and friendly.  The food is great, breakfast offers a vast selection and the eggs Benedict were scrumptious. The selection in the M Club lounge is obviously limited in comparison to the full restaurant, but the associates will bring you whatever you ask for.   The M Club lounge is very relaxing and a nice place to unwind from the day exploring Yogyakarta.…
5	We were trying to decide whether it was better to stay in downtown Yogyakarta or on the outskirts at this hotel.  We chose the Marriott and were very glad we did! I had some extra suite night awards which I applied to our stay, resulting in an upgrade to a junior suite.  The room had tons of space and was very modern and comfortable.  The hotel itself was in a great location next to Hartono Mall, which was a handy spot for eating and shopping.  The staff was extremely friendly and did their best to make our stay comfortable.  Breakfast had an elaborate spread, which was nice way to start the day.  All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would gladly return.
5	Very very spacious room with table and huge sofa near the window. Easy access to Hartono Mall which is just located next door. Friendly staff, smooth check in / check out process. Well air-conditioned lobby. Oh! The highest floor is just 9th floor. Really enjoyed our stay here for 2 nights <U+263A><U+FE0F>
5	i and family stayed here for 1 night, take 2 rooms with connecting door, spacious room and spacious bathroom with complete facilities also clean, very comfort for us. Swimming pool divided 3 parts for children, adult and whirl pool. Breakfast with various menu: Indonesian food, Asian food and Western food and tasty. Check in and check out process are very fast, All hotel Staff are friendly and helpful.
4	Overall we were happy with our 2 nights stay late June 2019. What we are dissapointed was the check in process. We arrived at 4 pm and after we checked in with our details etc were told to wait in lounge area for 5 minutes while they checked our room. We ended up waiting for more than half hours without any communications until we approached them again. I believe this need improvement as we have arrived well after the check in time of 3 pm. We were happy with the room , breakfast and also location of the hotel. Will definitely come back,improvement on check in process is our feedback. Thank you.
5	This excellent hotel has an excellent service. Very friendly employs. The restaurant has also an excellent reputation. just like any other restaurants in the Marriott hotels. This hotel resides next to the Hartono Mall.
5	I stayed here for 3-nights for a recent business trip and had a lovely time. The amenities, rooms and standards of service were extremely high. Location is just beside the shopping mall so that adds to the convenience. 
4	Bathroom no lock, unpleasant if stay with kids No hook in bathroom in room 257 None smoking room, seems not fair as not official country/state regulation  But overall good stay Nice hotel, but quite distance from city center
5	Special thanks to the staff members at the M Club lounge who made our stay extremely special: Chitra, Dichi, Sofie, Tiara, and Mona. We visited during the super busy Eid holiday period, which stretched the hotel's capacity, but we were extremely well cared for by the Club lounge staff members, who were always efficient and professional. Marriott Bonvoy Elite recognition is very good at this property and the Club lounge is excellent. Will recommend to others and would love to stay again at this property.
5	Stayed for a week during business trip Located on the ring road of Yogyakarta and connected to a new mall make this hotel a strategic place to stay Room was very spacious with all the amenities you expected from 5star hotel, provided fruits in the room also However not bathtub just regular shower in a big bathroom Breakfast was good with lots of selection and numerous local dish Fitness room was big and pool was very instagramable A great stay for business purpose however not seeing man family maybe because not having any children activities True to the world standart, first class business hotel
5	We stayed with family booked 3 rooms during Ied Holiday. The staffs of course friendly and helpful. Tried the Quan Spa right after I arrived driving long hours from Solo and it was very nice :)  My highlights were :  1) Thann amenities - they smell so nice and doesn’t make my skin dry like other hotel’s bathroom amenities. My aunt even said that their shampoo is better than her current shampoo at home. 2) Breakfast - for me the breakfast are satisfying. Getting a little bit bored from usual hotel breakfast and surprisingly they serve my favorite bandung siomay with peanut sauce. It was delicious like the authentic bandung siomay!! Other dishes are also nice like pastries, french toast, indonesian beef steak, dimsum etc. they also serve choice of healthier egg to be cooked (ex:…
5	I open 4 rooms during Ied holiday for family vacations, been staying here few times and seems like it become one of our family favorite. Property was brand new, well maintained, luxurious and grand. The other plus point is its located at the same complex with big mall, this makes my stay so easy as im travelling with young kids.  Arrived at 3pm, check and was smooth, attentive and friendly staff. Book 2 kind of rooms, twin and double bed room.  Double bed provide somekind of sofa, which can be use for bed for 2 adults. This room perfect for travellers whi brought nanny, as they can sleep in this sofa. Room was clean, spacious, comfortable, good bed, great pillow.  Bathroom was also nice, no bath tub, gooda aminity and good water pressure. The only minus point is door CANNOT be…
4	I’m not gonna tell a story but directly my review about this hotel. Room is big enough for kids run here and there. Twin bed 160x200 + 1 sofa bed, or King bed 200x200 + 1 long sofa bed. Actually we will still comfy with 5 adults in room. We booked for 3 deluxe rooms. (1 single bed , 2 twin bed). Those are the cheapest option.  I’m little bit disappointed with the AC system in twin bed room. The wind blows directly to our face when we sleep at bed near window. Although we set the fan to low. But its not happened in room with king bed.  Interior is stunning, big screen TV, maybe 50inch, digital panel for AC, small refrige, luxury wall design that makes you even comfier and JBL Horizon bluetooth speaker in every room is the best part of it haha.  Bathroom also stunning, with 2 side…
5	Musty smell in pillow sheet (not smell good) and chicken karaage in breakfast hard to bite. The staff really nice and helpful especially for tirta in front office. Overall the facilities in hotel are perfect! Thank you for your hospitality.
4	An excellent hotel, new and staff are super attentive....we stayed during Eid so was very busy and a little noisy as our room overlooked the pool....would recommend this as a base to explore Yogyakarta and surrounds!
5	i stay in this hotel for two nite with my mother. i really enjoyed stay in the hotel.beside the hotel, there are shopping complex.my mother so happy to stay in the hotel and wheelchair friendly and hotel staff really very good and friendly
5	A great hotel with a wonderful staff and great amenities! Located 15-minutes from the airport and is connected to a great mall, it's ideal.  I was fortunate enough to reserve a room with lounge access and its staff was excellent, especially Jovin, who is one of the nicest and helpful individuals I've met anywhere in the world.  Not only did she make my stay pleasant and provided great travel tips, she arranged to mail my phone to me, which I accidentally left behind in the safe in my room.    In short, I highly suggest this hotel. I've been to Jogja 5-times and this is by far the best hotel!
5	This is my second stay after  my maiden stay in Nov-2018. So I will not repeat all the good things that I have mentioned in my first review.  I personally think, the hotel deserves a 5 star rating now.   The 2 main complains that I have highlighted in my first review that did not get them 5 stars have been addressed.   They are using Thann amenities (at least in the higher category room) and they have installed a switch for the bath room, which I personally did not expect them to do it in short 6 months period as this is really quite a significant changes.   But they did it....   So I do not have anymore reason not to give them 5 stars rating.  Superb team.   Very attentive. From bell boy and security at the door, to the Club lounge staff and restaurant and all the way through…
5	This one hotel is a great place to stay for 5 star services and still not hurt your pocket. The room is clean and big. Good bed for good sleep. All the staffs were great. Yes, all. Greeting us with a smile everytime we met and always ready to assist us in every way. Each day we started our day with great smiles and chats from the breakfast buffet staffs and it went the whole day. I also had a wonderful massage at Quan Spa. The massuer was very good. There is a mall beside for all the convenience. The hotel provides shuttle to Maliboro street for souvenir shopping on weekends. 
4	nice room, clean and big space yummy breakfast with thousand of choices good location to go to the Hartono Mall the swimming pool is good the ballroom very big for Jogja but food service maybe making better next time, I came for mr Kuswanto birthday invitation
5	Warm and friendly staff. Really appreciated them going extra mile to make birthday weekend special.  Food in restaurant was excellent. The pool was relaxing and not too crowded.  Convienently located next to a mall and supermarket; yet close to authentic restaurants and sites.    Thank you. 
5	Room size was really big. Very modern room with digital screen to control room’s temperature. Breakfast was great and full variety of food. Location was next to mall. Service also was really great. Overall it was a pleasure to stay in such a great hotel
5	Hotel is excellent and having very good location, attached to huge shopping mall “Hartono Mall” where you can find many restaurants and foods beside all shopping you might need.  People in the hotel are very friendly and helpful, although it is relatively new but the staff are pro.
5	The level of service met my expectations. The room was clean with a well thought out layout, the atmosphere at the pool was great, the vibes at the Club M (if you opt for it) was superb with good food, and the breakfast was tasty with a lot of variety to choose from.  Will stay agin if I visit Yogyakarta.
5	relaxing after hectic business time is important. this hotel can fulfill all in one leisure n pleasure. they have loung, m club, gym facilities, nice large open view pool, cozy n spacious room, homey resto with distinctive menu, and they offer a differrnt dinner buffet concept each day, and they are connected to hartono mal. the coffee also good, but the coffee from the lounge machine, couldve be better. thanks for the services, keep up the good work
5	Very convenient location. One complex with the Hartono Mall. Awesome breakfast, awesome and comfortable room. The room is quite big and mine have a pool view.  Breakfast is so good and has wide range variety.
5	Great interior design, love the pool and the gym. Strategic location in downtown of Yogyakarta. Staffs are very nice, helpfull. I love the variety of the breakfast also.  I'd love to go back to this place.
5	We booked a Premier One Bedroom Suite with View and stayed for 4 nights. Our arrival was early at around 10am and they were unfortunately full for us to have an early check-in. We have to wait for 5 hours until the official check-in time which was 3pm.   The first room that was assigned to us was in the second floor. The view was almost entirely obstructed as it was on a low floor. I expressed my concerns to the check-in counter that if I wanted a normal room I would have just booked a Deluxe. I specially booked the Premier One Bedroom Suite with View for the view and getting the room on the second floor felt that I was shortchanged.  Special thanks to the Front Counter Staff, Mr Hendik for successfully arranging the exchange of rooms to the highest one. Please take note to…
5	Great stay. Love the overall environment of the hotel and it is conveniently located next to the mall for some quick shopping.   The staff are super friendly with superb service. We usually had our breakfasts and dinners at the Yogyakarta Kitchen. Anita and Yusup were especially attentive when we dine there. Anita is also informative and she’ll be able to also give you good information on places to visit during your stay.   The rooms were really comfortable and clean. We were always looking forward to coming back to the hotel after our outtings. Ana from housekeeping always made us feel special when we come back to the room after a long day - with her amusing, creative towel art. She even did a towel replica of my parents!  Overall very happy. Would definitely stay here again…
5	Great base for a long weekend in Yogyakarta. Large, modern rooms, friendly happy staff, nice food (buffet breakfast excellent), large pool area for adults and kids and and adjacent to a large shopping mall. 20 minute taxi ride from airport / railway station.
5	The staff were extremely attentive and friendly and payed great attention to personal service. One person in particular stood out her name is Julliata a student working at the hotel - absolutely dedicated to making your stay the best ever. 
4	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights for a short vacation. We chose this hotel since most of the time we were satisfied with Marriott’s service, also the location of this hotel is right next to a shopping mall, which would make it easier in case we need some emergency food or toiletries. Arrived at Yogyakarta around 3 or 4 pm, passed the hotel's check-in time but we had notified them beforehand. The check-in process was quite simple & fast, just the usual verification of the guests & settling the deposit. FO informed us that our room had ready, and gave us the direction towards the elevator. There were a lot of people coming to stay here for a conference or meetings at the same time we arrived, but the hotel had separate check-in counters for group stays & personal stays. Such a…
5	Dear general manager,   As a Marriott Bonvoy loyal member, I would like to express my sincere and wholehearted thankfulness and appreciation for the service and care I received at your hotel from 18-19/4/2019.   All of the staffs have been try their very best on providing an excellent service to me very sincerely. And now I would now love to share with you in every specific details.   First of all, I would like to express my special thankfulness to Roso Hantoro Puri, Front Office Manager, whom we have contacted before my stay and he does arrange everything so well!   In concierge team, each of the staffs always put on their smile and greet each guest very politely. They all have been paying much effort to make sure that all the guests will be having a great first impression as…
2	I always have high expectation for all the starwood chain hotel, especially for brand new hotel.  Since this hotel got good review I decided to book this hotel.  The check in was fast and staffs are friendly, room was spacious with big twin bed, we were at room 256. But then I’ve got surprised when checking the bathroom, the soap place is dirty and under the sink, it was mold there, and also at shower room there’s hand writting with ink on ghe wall, so annoying. And the shower room in the corner quite dirty with mold. It’s huge disaapointing as I stayed at 5 stars Marriot hotel.  The breakfast was excelent, that really ease my dissaponintment about the room But when I went to swimming pool, I saw some daybed with rustic. Also the most shocking thing when I was at the whirpool,…
4	I had to go back to Yogyakarta for business and last time I tried the Marriott, was great so went back again and from now that will be the place I go. The room allocated was great the service is fine, the staff is very friendly. ALL GOOD
5	Love our stay. we had 2 club rooms with pool view. Service was excellent. Before arriving , we arrange all transportation and tours via concierge. Every single request was done on time and perfect. Thank you. Highly recommended
5	I spent four nights at Junior Suite room. Me, my wife, and our precious 2 years old.  Booked in Junior Suite, you’ll get straight to M Club Lounge Check in process. Easy check in, lounge was amazing, offered you lots of refreshment.  Room was exceptional, spacious, modern, and my kid loved it. So was the bathroom. Room service menu was okay, ordered also some kids menu which all of them were non msg. Big bed, big tv, loved it  Breakfast was varies. Many options and liked the yogyakarta kitchen resto ambience.  Friendliness of the staff was outstanding. I lived in Jogja for 4,5 yrs, and i knew jogjakartans were among the friendliest, and marriott has achieved to deliver that massage to their guests. Keep this up!  I have stayed or visited many hotel’s pool in jogja. And this…
4	Nice hotel to stay! New n upmarket for the city What’s good? 1. Room is nice ( no turn down service n chocolates) 2. Next to Hugh shopping mall . Hartono. Upmarket shopping mall. Shop to yr heart content  3 Executive lounge.. beverage limited so is food served during cocktail hour. But ambience in lounge is great! Great sunset... best ever view in the comfort of ur armchair 4. Service is good. Yogjia people v friendly 5. Breakfast and even buffet dinner in hotel is yummy 6. Room service for supper is great too!  7. Can skip the Spa - lousy .. better massage outside Facial n massage in shopping mall cheaper.  8. Pool n gym - wonderful!  Thank you Marriot Yogjia! Had a great stay with great memories.
5	My wife and I stayed at the Marriott last year. This is a new hotel in Yogyakarta only built in the last 18 months. Really large clean well laid out rooms. The pool is enormous and almost deserted. We had it to ourselves many times over the 4 nights we stopped. The restaurant is on of the best in the city and range of choice at the breakfast is huge and varied. The staff are very friendly and helpful and are a important resource to the hotel. The traffic in Yogyakarta is very heavy which makes walking around the area very difficult, however taxis are a cheap way to explore the many temples in the surrounding area. A bonus because of the traffic is the hartona shopping mall which is attached to the hotel and is just a few yards away. All favorite high Street names are here as…
5	I was curious about the food at different hotels in Yogyakarta and chose The Marriott on this particular day.  The local food choices were great if you are a tourist looking for Indonesian food minus the drive-by road dust available at all the little roadside Warungs.  The buffet does have a small section of non local food, which is great in my opinion. I am a westerner who despises eating western food while visiting another country! What made my experience pleasant was the waitstaff. They were so friendly from the beginning until the end. They came to check on me at various times and engaged in some light conversation which is very much appreciated.  The food tasted good and it was displayed nicely. The restaurant decor itself seemed very new and classy. It is a very open area…
5	An excellent brand new hotel in Yogyakarta with lovely impeccable rooms and excellent service. The staff are professional and welcoming and keen to make your stay perfect. A special thanks to Riski, Jaku, Ira and Asiyah, Deka at the pool restaurant and Nur at reception for making our stay special. The restaurant served delicious meals with different themes every day and a delicious breakfast! the pool is huge and great for a real swim. Highly recommend this hotel.
5	I spent a weekend there with my family. I booked 2 rooms with a connecting door so my kids can come in and out anytime.  The rooms were clean and spacious, beds are large and comfy and they provided a baby crib for my baby.  Breakfast was excellent with plenty choose from. Service was great and prompt too.   And the location is the most important thing; it’s just next door to the latest mall. 
2	this is my 2nd stay here, and i am so disappointed with the service. the receptionist didn’t greet us, she was busy doing something in her computer and i need to greet her first. i was carrying my baby, and the receptionist also didnt offer us any cot bed or services for the baby. when i had my breakfast, the lady in the front of the restaurant asked us twice our room number. first, when we entered the restaurant (which is normal) and secondly, when we finished our breakfast (this is so weird to me, i’ve been staying in many hotels but this is the first time that we had to be checked TWICE) the plus size, the room is clean, quite big, and foods are great. i am so sorry, but i think i dont want to stay here AGAIN. i already gave this hotel 2nd chance, but this hotel disappoint me…
2	The hotel is very nice. There is a beautiful pool on the 2nd floor.  However there were 4 different kinds of insects in the room: 1. tiny ants on the night stand. 2. larger ants on the bathroom floor 3. a crawling bug on the headboard 4. a flying bug  The toilet is in an open bathroom area which may be a plus or minus.   Hotel staff were extremely polite.
5	I stayed here for 2 nights when we have series of meetings.  Really love my spacious room and all its amenities as well as the pool. The bed is comfy, the bathroom is big and the service is fast and friendly. I request for praying set (mukena) and they provided it. The toiletries is super complete, including the hair band. Love it!  The food is also delicious, as for the breakfast as well our lunches and coffee breaks.  It is also located pretty much next to Hartono Mall, where you can get H&M, Gramedia, Matahari, and more.  Happy to go back and recommend this hotel to you all!
5	We are staying for one night for our transit to Borobudur. I strongly recommend this hotel since they have great hospitality and location. They are within the same complex with Hartono mall, one of biggest mall in Yogyakarta thus you can do shop in case you need to buy your personal amenities. For 5 stars hotel, their foods are not expensive. Try their local breakfast, as local, I like their local cuisines.
5	I spent eight nights at the Marriott. The rooms are a good size and sumptuously laid out. I only booked the low end room and there is plenty of space for two people. The rooms are nice designed and everything is modern. It was everything you expect from a 5 star hotel. The food in the restaurant is delicious. Lots of variety for breakfast and the quality for a buffet kitchen is very good.  The staff are very friendly and try their best to be polite and respectful. Everyone says hello as you walk past them and have always tried to help when I have asked questions. The hotel is well staffed especially in meal areas and general foyer.  The facilities are what you expect. The pool Is large and clean, the gym facilities have good variety of cardio machines and weight options.…
4	When i heard that some new Marriott hotel was just opened in Yogyakarta, we immediately decided to choose it. And we are really enjoy it. Perfect service, amazing rooms. You just can't imagine how great it is. They have everything, sushi, soup, pancakes fruit shakes, noodles, coconut cookies! Everything! Thank you for everything!
5	On Nov 2018 my company was held distributor gathering on Yogyakarta Marriot Hotel. Great place because beside of Hartono Mall (biggest mall on Yogya). The staff are friendly and very helpfull. Several time I forget left my stuff in the meeting room but they kept my stuff safely. Never have lost stuff on there. Very recommend for doing meeting, gathering, and family vacation.  This hotel is 30minutes from airport and also 30minutes from Malioboro. 
5	It was nice to stay here. Nice service. Nice staff. Nice room and foods also. I am very thankful to Riza (House keeping dept). He was very helpful during my stay here. Thank you for the special service. And thank you for this folding towel was very cute and for the extra water. Good job Riza!<U+0001F44D> 
5	It was our first trip to Yogyakarta & we’re glad we chose Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel for the 4 nights we were there.  Location: about 15 minutes from Adisutjipto Airport, but in reality might be 20-25 minutes due to traffic. We took official airport taxi (Rajawali) and the rate is flat IDR 60k (AU$6). We love the fact that this hotel is just next to Hartono Mall, the biggest high end shopping mall in Jogja. We still could buy some supplies from the supermarket next door, which is open until 10pm. However, it’s not quite downtown city, so going to places of interest like Malioboro will take some time. But it’s not a big concern, as online rideshare service is available here.  Room: initially we booked a room with city view, but we didn’t like it. So we requested to move to a pool…
4	Arrived late and stayed only one night on our way to a more remote destination. Airport pickup was efficient, so was the check in. All the staff was very friendly and smiling toward the whole stay. As per our Bonvoy membership, we got upgraded and received welcome snacks, fruits and juices. Room was big and confortable. Breakfast had a good selection of local tasty food.
5	Room 362 Stay for 2 nights Rate IDR 3,789,000 for 2 nights include breakfast  Booked through booking.com  Plus: Perfect room Perfect toiletries and amenities Perfect greetings Perfect breakfast  Stunning pool Perfect location Perfect hotel design Perfect access to the mall Definitely will stay here again in my next Jogja visit  Minus: Guest elevator was quite far from the main lobby 
5	We stayed at Yogyakarta Marriott for Christmas holiday. The hotel location is beside Hartono Mall,  one step away to shop and get food or coffee. The building looks nice, but need more green landscape. Lobby's interior is luxury design and welcome drinks already at lobby. The staffs were helpfull and  friendly. There's club lounge for Marriott member. Our room is very spacious, clean, comfortable, with good modern lightning. Spacious bathroom with Thann amenities is impressive. 
5	We stayed 2 nights at this new hotel.  One of the staff told me that the hotel was so new that they had not set up a gift shop yet.  The most memorable at this hotel - we were upgrade to a junior suite - was when we first looked at the bathroom.  Toilet  and shower were both enclosed by transparent door with bathtub sitting nest to the shower room.  They were all NAKED.  Worried a bit.  However, we sighed for relief when we found out there were 2 sliding doors so that our privacy would be kept PRIVATE. We had access to the club lounge where we found truly great staff members.  Thank you Sofie and Lia who made our using the club lounge so memorable.  They smiled like angel and spoke so graciously like a member of royal family.  On the second night in the lounge we found that…
5	Event not located in the heart of Jogyakarta City, the location is still very strategic and not far away from the airport. The room are  spacious, the facility and amenities are fairly new and well maintain. Side by side with Hartono Mall, the biggest mall in town are one of the benefit for guest of this hotel. The food are very good and various
5	Stayed here for 2 nights in a suite. Was very spacious. The hotel was very new so fixtures etc are still nice and in good condition. The TV was a good size considering the room size.  4 bottles of free water was provided which is much appreciated in this weather.  I ordered room service on the first night. Chicken ceaser and the local calamari. Salad had bit too much dressing but was otherwise fine. The calamari I recommend you to try was tender and crisp.  Also managed to try the restaurant downstairs. Satay Lilit and Soto ayam. Both were ok for me.  Only downsides from my experience was no clear signage for hotel lobby. I was dropped off way too early.  The other was the M Club lounge I couldn't order food from the restaurant and consume it in the club's kitchenette area.…
5	Great hotel. The room was big and comfort, the bed was padded so i can slept well after worked in the morning. The staff are very friendly and helpful especially Ira. She helps me to give a little surprise for my friend when we had dinner in the restaurant and my friend was so happy. Big buffett, many of foods and it's delicious. Nice restaurant. I'll be back to Yogyakarta Hotel on the next trip.
2	Staying here at the moment and I’m seriously not impressed. The hotel is fairly new with nice spacious rooms and amenities. But that’s almost the only good thing I can say about this hotel.  The hotel is almost empty (we were told it’s at 50% occupancy) which you can feel when having dinner at the restaurant or enjoying the pool. It’s quite pleasant to have the hotel by yourself, but not if it means that even the staff seems to be away...   The pool restaurant is only open from 5pm (except of Saturdays), you can order drinks from the pool boy, if you can find him. It’s a constant game of hide and seek to find someone to help you. Same applies to the pool restaurant. I was the only person sitting there, but the staff seemed to hide in the back instead of checking if I would like…
4	The Suite is nice, modern design and Staff service is brilliant, everyone is smiling and showed that they’re willing to help. Room temperature can be controlled, easy access to Hartono Shopping Centre. Breakfast is really good and have lots of variety to choose from. The pool is nice with infinity pool concept overlooking jogja. In room dining is cheaper compared to other in room dining in 5 star hotel in Jakarta. I would for sure to comeback and stay here again. I just have a small negative experience which is in the shower. In my room somehow the water does not drain fast (still draining but not as fast so theres bit of water build up during long shower) and I found a band aid floating in the water (from previous people that stayed there as I dont use any band aid)  I found…
5	The room is quite large with simple but futuristic model and has a super king size bed or double twin queen size bed. It is located beside the biggest mall in the city. The gym and swimming pool are big and very good. The coffee shop for breakfast has more than hundred item of foods. The hotel has just celebrated its 1st year operation.
5	We had a wonderful stay. The hotel is lovely with great amenities and incredible staff. Check-in time was fast but had a minor hiccup that no one helped us with luggage and showed the direction to the room. The staff doesn’t even asked if we know the way or not. (Luckily my niece still remembered the way because she stayed here more than 4 times).  I travelled with 2 nieces and the room was very perfect. It was very closed to the pool and Taman Sari restaurant. Taman Sari restaurant has a breath taking views. The staffs were so attentive and eager to please.  Beautiful people with the most respectful and genuine. Big thanks to Taman Sari Manager – Mr. Tanasil Wongso, he took such wonderful care of us, ensuring our experience was nothing less than magical. Thank you again for the…
5	Busy lobby but attended to quickly and efficiently by such lovely staff.  Pool area clean and plenty of fresh towels. Pool bar/restaurant is absolutely awesome. Food is spectacular and staff very friendly and attentive without being " in your face" We were made to feel welcome and special.
4	I stayed here for three nights in December on the trip to visit Borobudur and I must admit that the location of this hotel, though it’s not in the center of the tourist district, is actually not that important as you will most likely take a cab everywhere in the city.   My initial discomfort about the location of this hotel was soon dismissed after I visited some cafes in the city center and passed by other hotels and realized that the streets in the city aint that conducive for pedestrians, so in short, no matter where you stay, location of the property aint that big of a deal in this city. That said, the location of Marriott being next to a mall means that you can grab food and necessities very easily from the supermarkets next door.  The room I had was a deluxe room and it…
5	 If i may say, this is one of the best hotel in Yogyakarta. Located next to Hartono Mall.  Spacious and clean room, friendly and polite staff, various good breakfast, and big swimming pool.  Stayed for 2 nights and we’re satisfied!  Thank you Marriott Yogyakarta for the good hospitality. 
5	This is the third time we stayed at this hotel and it's always nice to come back here. We stayed here during Christmas holiday where the occupancy was really high, but somehow we still enjoyed it and not feeling crowdy with all the guests. The room size bigger than any other hotels we ever stayed before in this city. Excellent amenities, very nice and lots of variety breakfast. The location sit right next to a big mall and strategically located near to the city. Very nice swimming pool and gym.  The kids love this hotel so much that they get disappointedwhen it's time to check out. Highly recommended hotel and surely will stay here again whenever we go to Jogja in the future. The best choice for jogjakarta.
5	I stay in Marriot on dec 22 - 24 2018, for the first time, and I love it .. Friendly staff, good service, good breakfast, spacious room Thank you for receptionist's staff they so nice people, and thank you for Mas Febri for hospitality asking about the food's taste And I will be stay in Marriot yogya on next holiday Thank you Marriot
5	As a frequent business traveler with the Marriott brand, was delighted to learn there was a brand new hotel in Jogja.  Decided to go with this property during my vacation this week and was not disappointed.   Stay was impeccable from the rooms, to the ammenities, food and most notably the superb service.    Enjoyed many friendly chat with the M lounge staff, especially the friendly associated who was from Jakarta and shared many travel tips around Jogja.   Hotel was extremely busy, especially these last 2 weeks of December. 80 to 90% occupancy rate.  However staff were unfazed and service prompt and food.  Kudos to the team.
1	Whenever I travel on business or for a pleasure, I always try to stay at Marriott/Ritz (or SPG chains), for their superb service, and the brand itself...and I believe this is why I stick to Marriott/SPG membership whenever I travel....  Just stayed in Marriott Yogjakarta for the first time and I am just walking out with the worst-ever experience in my life...First of all, being a Gold member for Marriott, I did not know the late checkout time (whether guaranteed or upon only availability) changed from 4pm to 2pm...I asked why the change for Gold members, they said they never changed it but it has always been 2pm..... after the merger...  I had a flight time at 4pm so I was only asking for an hour of extension from 2pm late check-out but the manager just said 'no we are fully…
5	Breathtaking wonderful place great people. Hotel was located very conveniently to access all the wonderful historical sites and minus the madness of the tourist is the city. Stones throw or nearly stones throw from airport.....
5	Special thanks to Sophie in M Club, she makes M Club so lively, and nothing is too difficult nor difficult gestures that makes all the evening cocktails party guests so delightful. She is an absolute asset to any team.  Not to forget Richardo, as well, he deserve a very special thank you as well for arranging the unforgettable moments. I do hope you received my thank you note.  This is simply the best Marriott brand we have ever stayed. And Alain Rigodin should be very proud of the team.  Keep up the good works. Till next time. Cheers
4	As I arrived in Yogyakarta, I never thought this type of Marriott existed (it was booked by my mom). It was massive and was connected with a huge mall (at least huge for Yogya standard) : Hartono Mall complete with CGV Movie Theatre <U+0001F3AD>. The hotel itself housed the largest ballroom in Yogya without middle pillars intervention inside it (very rare construction achievement) and can accommodate up to 2,500 people. From the outside, the exterior of the hotel was glowing at night like discotheque but not obstructing the overall view. It was an overall a unique design inside out and that’s why it was shocking to me it’s existed in Yogyakarta.   Because this hotel is massive (and connected with big mall as well) it’s required huge landscapes therefore it was located a bit outside Yogya…
5	Booked a club floor room during my stay and it was absolutely amazing. The rooms were spacious and very nice. The staff especially those in the M Lounge were very very nice and helpful. The food there was also very good as well. Given that the lounge was next to the breakfast area there wasn't alot to choose from in the mornings. The restuarant actually had a nice spread of food that was mainly local dishes which was great. However, it would be nice to have English translations for local dishes as it is pretty much a guessing game for those who do not speak Bahasa.
5	Really impressed with this hotel. Room was fantastic - spacious with great amenities. It's handy having iron and board in the room. Very busy hotel with mix of business and leisure travellers. There's shopping mall out the front which I didn't get time to see. The pool is pleasant and the jets great for soothing aching legs after visiting the temples. Breakfast selection was excellent...such a huge choice...loved the healthy juices. Staff are friendly and efficient at the same time. Would gladly stay here again if I get back to jogya.
4	I decided to split my stay in Yogyakarta between Sheraton and Marriott as I would like to try this rather new hotel.    The hotel was just celebrate its 1st Anniversary when I stayed there in early November.   It is actually the first Marriott brand in Indonesia.  The location of the hotel itself is probably off the typical tourist area such as Marioboro.  However I think it should be 15-20 min by car.   The hotel is in fact connected to Hartono Mall which probably the largest modern mall in Yogyakarta.  Hence it may make eating and shopping easy.  Also when in Yogyakarta, you will probably not going to Malioboro everyday.  I arrived around 11 am and I was informed that I have been upgraded to Junior Suite room but the room is still being occupied.   They offered me a standard…
5	I book the room its because want to celebrate my anniversary in jogjakarta after joint borobudur marathon in magelang. I book the room from the OTA since more easy for me to book by online.  Ci proses was fast and the staff at reception also is friendly. I get some little surprise when i entered the room’ there is some room decoration and rose petal in my room and really touching for me and my partner. The room is spacious and  clean with comfortable king size bed. The swimming pool is one of my favorite place during stay in marriot jogja. Thank u for the great hospitality during my stay at marriot jogja.  
4	+ Hotel room is clean + Hotel staff is friendly  + Location is next week the biggest mall in Yogyakarta  + Breakfast is good + Chef Andi is a smart and good chef + Price is fair -- No make up room for preparing a good night sleep. 
5	We stayed at this beautiful hotel for two nights while attending Borobudur Marathon 2018.  Arrived in Yogyakarta late in the evening and decided to have airport transfer from the hotel. Friendly driver greeted us on our arrival with Hotel Logo and my wife name on the paging board.   Check in process was smooth and we had the opportunity to enjoy Pool View room. The room is clean and spacious.  Personalized welcome amenity and including set of my family photos displayed nicely in the room. Thanks to Pak Desfiyanto and his team for taking the time to compile some of our memories. Nicely done!  We ordered food thru Room Service just before our departure to Borobudur. Service was fast and attentive.  Check out was smooth and Pak Yudha  - Concierge is very friendly and helpful. He…
5	So far it is the best Marriott I have stayed in some countries like Malaysia, Thailand, Korea , Taiwan and Japan when it comes to service as well as food. All the staffes were super friendly and willing to help us. I was with my mother who was half wheel-chaired,but never felt uncomfortable.Mr.Yudah at the club desk , Especially Mr,Bayu at the breakfast restaurant surely made our stay special with their hospitality. I highly recommend this place to other people. One thing, if possible,we can suggest is , if this hotel can give us the chance to have more entertainment like the show of traditional dance or live music,...Anyway even the food is super,,,nothing to complain, we definitely want to come back.<U+98DF><U+3079><U+7269><U+826F><U+3057><U+3001><U+30B5><U+30FC><U+30D3><U+30B9><U+6700><U+9AD8><U+3002><U+3044><U+3046><U+3053><U+3068><U+306A><U+3057><U+3067><U+3059><U+3002><U+30B3><U+30B9><U+30D1><U+9AD8><U+3044><U+3067><U+3059><U+3002><U+8ECA><U+6905><U+5B50><U+3067><U+3057><U+305F><U+304C><U+7D30><U+3063><U+305F><U+3053><U+3068><U+306F><U+3042><U+308A><U+307E><U+305B><U+3093><U+3067><U+3057><U+305F><U+3002><U+53C8><U+6CCA><U+307E><U+308A><U+305F><U+3044><U+3067><U+3059><U+3002><U+6B21><U+56DE><U+306F><U+30B9><U+30D1><U+3082><U+8A66><U+3057><U+3066><U+307F><U+305F><U+3044><U+3067><U+3059><U+3002>
5	Marriott Yogyakarta is definitely a new key player in the city which offers excellent amenities and services. The room is stylish, huge and very modern. The hotel has great breakfast spread and excellent food throughout their F&B outlets (Yes, we did try their a la carte lunch and dinner at roof top). The hotel was able to accommodate guests at full occupancy (around 700 pax) during breakfast with very short waiting time. Everything about this hotel is superb.
5	This hotel is new since 1 year and is spotless !  Wonderful friendly staff, always with a smile and one goal; service ! Many thanks for all the great moments in this hotel. The rooms are big and well maintained, food in the restaurant are super tasteful and chefs are willing to change something when needed.
5	It's one of best hotel in Yogyakarta, the building is new, they are celebrating 1st anniversary recently. The hotel is located behind Hartono mall, so you can walk to the mall. The check in experience was great and quite fast, the room is quite, clean and good, swimming pools are ok (separate pools for children and adults). The breakfast is very good, many varieties and good taste. The only cons is traffic in front of the hotel. Overall is ok and recommended.
5	The location next to a new shopping mall was ideal.  Our room was quite large and very modern.  I have no complaints, especially when the staff was super friendly.  It would be ideal if they had a more place to use the business center computers which were out in the hallway/lobby area.
5	Everything was good.  From friendly staff to the fantastic room.  Located right beside Hartono mall. Breakfast was of different food choices everyday. No chance to try the pool as we were out everyday till late. Would definitely recommend. Keep up the good work guys. Will stay again when I'm back to yogyakarta 
4	I arrived at yogya around 2 or 3 pm. This hotel is not hard to find, the location is easy to access especially when you travel using car. When I arrived everything is set, I also received welcome amenities in my room. The view is amazing, the room is spacious, the service is fast and yes I do recommend this hotel for everyone who's travelling with family or partner. The price also not very high, it's affordable. I stay here for 3 days 2 night, on the last day before my departure I was plan to have a quick breakfast before hit the road but the reception at the restaurant said I am not eligible to have breakfast at the restaurant. Which is weird because I am platinum elite member and I can choose between restaurant or lounge to have breakfast. I do feel sorry for some staff who's…
4	The room is very spacious and clean. Food at the restaurants are good. Hotel is linked to Hartono Mall which is a great place for more food options and some shopping, However, the M lounge is quite a disappointment, it is on the lobby floor which everybody walk pass, does not feel exclusive. The evening cocktail is very simple, very few guests go to the lounge as there was nothing much, they keep all the wines and you have to request from the staff. The only thing is the staff were friendly. 
5	at night I want to have dinner,then we go to the marriot yogyakarta restaurant, the atmosphere is very modern, stylish full and clean, the buffet food is a lot of choices, thank you for Mr.rizky, chef who has served sephagetti creamie with a really delicious taste, and great welcome from a duty manager Mr. Yudha, friendly and full of laughter, this place is truly recommended
5	Traveled to Yogja with a friend last year and stayed there for 3 nights after securing a great deal online.  The Hotel just opened its door then and as expected we had a wonderful time there. The hotel had great ambiance, semi grandeur exterior with modern chic design, the room was spacious and really comfortable (2 double beds with 1 day bed, and carpeted room), and we loved the toilet, it has a uniquely fun sliding door (no bath tub just rain shower) however it lacks solid sound proofing, so you can hear other guest walking around but other than that no other complaint.  The staffs were wonderful, they were really helpful, gave useful tips and recommended great dining places. The hotel is also next to a mall which is really convenient. We have been to Yogja few times prior to…
5	This was our third time staying in Marriott Yogyakarta Hotel. Again, Marriott really impresses us with the service. The service was excellent, the room was clean and spacious. One of the best hotel that we stayed in Yogyakarta. There's a lot of selection for breakfast. We also had dinner in Taman Sari Bar & Grill, the food was delicious. We will definitely go back to Marriot for our next stay.
4	The first Marriott hotel in Indonesia, pretty exciting to experience what this property has to offer. I stayed for 3 nights in a M Club Room on the 8th floor (there are 9 floors).  I had a early flight in the morning and the hotel granted early check in which was very much appreciated. My requests for high floor was also acceded to.  To sum up my experience:  - I definitely can see that everyone is willing to help in every way they can. Rifqi who delivered my room service meal was excellent, very sincere and I can see the passion in his eyes. And yes the room service food is delicious.  - Front desk folks were less lively, and with experience I am sure they will do better.   - Soundproofing issues. Room doors actually slam shut (loudly), and I always get a shock when I hear room…
2	The new hotel is convenient since it is close to the airport and also a shopping mall. The biggest problem, however, is a lack of soundproofing. You can hear the people in next room conversing as though they are in your own room. Apparently, there is no sound proofing between the windows that connect the rooms. The shopping mall next door is rather boring and staid stores that you would fine in any shopping mall in Indonesia.
5	nice,new,clean hotel next to a big mall in jogja   A great pool, stylish room's great service, friendly staff location a little away from city of a ring road next door mall food court offers variety of food establishments,
5	I stayed at this property for 6 nights in October for a work conference.  This was my first trip to Indonesia and what a wonderful stay.  The hotel is a new property with a great pool, fitness center, and spa.  There is a mall steps away from the hotel which allows a place to shop, eat, and catch a movie when you need a break.   However, what really made my experience outstanding was the excellent service provided by the staff including those at the front desk, restaurant, and housekeeping.  I also wanted to recognize Indri and Purwa at the Lounge downstairs.  They would always greet me by name and with a smile and made me feel welcomed. Thank you for making my stay on Jogja memorable!
4	service was excellent and all the staff were courteous and helpful.  they found my pair of shoes when I called them in another hotel.  despite great personnel, i had to cut short my stay because of the room design and rather poor fit out work.  
2	Booked two hotel rooms using the AAA rate throught Marriott website (I have the paid AAA membership) and I also have a Gold Marriott Rewards.  During checking in at the hotel, the reception staff asked me for a US ID card because she saw my AAA membership number on her computer.  She said that the AAA rate (Rp1.5 million) is only applicable for US citizen only; otherwise, I have to pay a normal rate (Rp2 million something).  I told her that I use my AAA membership anywhere in the world and never questioned about the citizenship.  The Duty Manager showed up (Yudha N.) and insisted the AAA rate is only for US Citizen.  I complained to him with the same reason and told him that I also have the Gold Marriott Rewards.  The Manager said I could use the AAA rate at that time finally. …
5	I was there for a couple days business trip. The hotel is new and well designed. The staff was great and very attentioned. Being a platinium with Marriott I got upgrade to a mini suite overlooking the pool. that room was very pleasant (few details could have been better finished - but construction in indonesia is a bit of a challenge -the key is how good are they going to maintain) The bathroom was nice and all worked well in the room. The internet access for work was fine and the TV lne up is very good.  the Location of the hotel worked well for the location I needed to be. The Yogyakata ktchen fr breakfast had a wide selection. The restaurant outside the pool was also good we had a dinner there. my only regret is that there is no green it is a very urban location but yes you…
5	We stayed at Marriot for 5 days during a business trip. The hotel is very new therefore it is not so crowded. The reception staffs were nice and professional. Our check in was quick. We had a delux room and it was very spacious. Big room and large beds with great amenities. The hotel lobby was also nicely decorated. The breakfast at the kitchen restaurant in the lobby was ample and had a good mix of local and international cuisine.  The location is notin the center so you need to get a taxi to visit city center for around 4$ which is ok.  The swimming pool and the gym were nicely equipped and cleaned regularly. The spa was also a nice thing to have at marriot.  Overall we had a good time. 
5	Stayed for 1 night in Yogyakarta Marriot Hotel for short break with my family. The hotel perfectly located side by side with Hartono Mall; the biggest shopping mall in Yogya. Spacious and nice room and bathroom, bigscreen TV and good wifi. Various menu for breakfast however need more western menu. Fiendly and nice staff. Love this hotel and will stay again if come to Yogya.
5	Had a wonderful and relaxing stay at the Marriot hotel! The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was great with a mall next door. Enjoyed the pool, gym and spa.  I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Yogyakarta. While you are there, please try the Taman Sari grill. Great place for dinner. 
5	Marriott is the newcomer chained hotel in Yogya. Even though the location is in North Ring road, we don't have a problem as Yogya traffic is still not as bad as other big cities in Indonesia and also the hotel attached to one of premier shopping mall in Yogya, Hartono mall.   Marriott Yogya boast a very spacious room with two big double beds, good for family travelers. Bathroom is also open space with sliding door.   Breakfast is better than other 5star hotels in Yogya. Comprised of Javanese food like nasi ayam, gudeg, and jajanan pasar mixed with western and Chinese like dim sum, beef steak and others.   Price is also worth with spacious room and excellent breakfast.  I would definitely return to this Marriott.
5	A relatively new 5 stars hotel in Jogja.Adjacent to a shopping mall (Hartono Mall).Convinient to buy things that you need urgently, yet not crowded as the hotel well located at the back part of the parcel.Spaciious room with dominant grey marble.Full breakfast from local and international selection.
5	Hotel has shopping mall on its right side. Just a minute walk. Big swimming pool. Nice breakfast. Big room size. 1 of top choice hotel in yogyakarta other than Tentrem Hotel. Big bed size. Very clean and friendly hotel staff
5	Very good hotel,rooms very large and comfortable,large shower,overall good room quite clean and silent, restaurant beside the pool has good food and great pizza, good gym and nice pool, overall good stay.
5	My wife, six year old daughter and I stayed two nights at this hotel in April 2018.  The hotel is located a short 10 minute ride from the airport.    The hotel is new and the staff is excellent.  Our room was wonderful with a view of the pool and a distant volcano.  Housekeeping was very thorough and the staff at the restaurants and reception were so friendly and helpful.    The hotel is located next to a mall and there are some restaurants in the mall.  The breakfast buffet was huge and the staff are eager to help meet any of your needs.    We did not use the pool as it rained in the afternoon.  We would definitely stay here again if we visit Yogyakarta again.
3	Stayed there for 3 nights in early October. Room was clean and spacious. Bathroom was semi open with sliding doors to the room. It was clean enough. Shower pressure and temp were good. Unfortunately the shower door was leaking. So there were always some wet area outside the shower door after baths. Beds were quite big n comfortable. Pillows however were not so. For us they were way too soft and flat. Lighting and ambience in the room was bright and welcoming. Everything in the room worked well.   Swimming pool was good and family friendly with exception that people were allowed to smoke there. In fact it's like the designated smoking area. With lots of children swimming and playing around, it should be a smoke free area.   Breakfast was ok. Not the best in taste but not the…
5	Execelent from the door to the door.this one off from the best Marriott hotel i visited in my life I wish I can stay more. Special the restaurant good food and service special for mr bayu and ms yolanda, Chiya and Sonia Sure I will come back again..insyaallah..
5	We booked two connecting deluxe rooms and our entire stay was very nice and comfortable. It is a new property and the entire layout is open and spacious. The rooms are modestly large, elegantly designed with modern features like USB socket for charging and very clean. To me the wow factor was the large daybed with comfortable upholstery. The room services were pretty fast too and the food options are also good. The travel desk was friendly enough to help us book customized tours.  Overall, can recommend this hotel to anybody planning to visit Yogyakarta and want to stay in modern style hotels.
4	The room is so spacious and brightly lit, even the standard one. The bed is comfortable, as well as the big sofa that fits for sleeping for two persons. There are one chair, dining table and coffee table.  Attention girls: There is plenty of space to put your toileteries in the bathroom and the mirror is so large. No bathtub but who needs it. For those who love to sing in the rain (or shower), there is a rain shower!  Staff are polite and attentive. Smooth check in and out process.   Restaurant: food is average. Smokers could sit outside.  Location: access road is small and normally busy. Adjacent to a shopping mall.  Pool is nice, plenty of sun for the sunseekers, with large whirlpool.
5	We enjoyed a very comfortable stay at the Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel for 12 nights in late August/early September.  The room was quite spacious, the beds comfortable, and the showers refreshing.  We enjoyed waking up early to take an invigorating swim in the large pool before enjoying one of the best breakfast buffets we've ever had in our many years of traveling overseas.  All that I've just described would have been enough to make us want to stay here every time we visit Yogya to see our family.  Yet, what made the hotel even more special is the wonder customer service provided by just about all the hotel workers.  We truly felt refreshed after staying at this hotel.
5	Hotel located behind the shopping mall with choices of good foods. Hotel is new, not so lively but elegant and gives a super huge room. Bathroom amenities are local not Thann brand like others.  Breakfast is good both with taste and variety  Services are professional and very impressive 
5	We were happy to know that Marriott opens in Yogyakarta (locals call it "Jogja"), and we want to give it a try.  As expected, this is Marriott quality and superb customer service. We were upgraded to top floor with additional amenities. Staff were all nice. Little touch such as cold juices at the lobby mean a lot in tropical country...  Lobby is spacious, but we suggest to add some touches and accents like floral arrangements in the center.  Because it is located behind Hartono Mall, we chose to walk there for meals.  We hope the management keeps this high quality for many years to come. Hope to return here next time.
5	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights and we realy loved everything about it.The hotel is very good nlocated right next to a big mall the rooms are clean and modern, great pool ,delicious breakfast and profesional staff especialy Sofie who was  exceptional
5	A very nice Marriott hotel with JW standards. Very unfortunate that this hotel is not given a JW Marriott rating. I have stayed in many JW Marriott property and when comparing Yogyakarta Marriott this is really a stunning property. The service provided meets all 5 star and above expectations.  Nice rooms!  Taman Sari restaurant near to the pool was really good. Breakfast buffet  was also quite nice.   The pool is very big and a they also have a decent size gym.  Service and housekeeping staff was awesome and addressed everyone by names.  I also have to mention Ms Rosa the duty manager who helped my check in process  Hotel is located next to Hartono Mall. 20 minute commute to and from Jogja airpot.  I would definitely go back and stay at this property in my next trip to Jogja.
4	When I gave a hotel a 5 stars rating , I usually look beyond just the hardware and also service. This hotel unfortunately did not get the 5 stars mainly because for a relatively new hotel , can see that the quality of the furnishing not in the very pristine stage.  Despite a quiet time during check in, the service is not as efficient as I have expected and oddly which I notice when I get to the elevator , the door of elevator 3 opens at an extremely fast speed. Had dinner one night at Taman Sari which was really very good but lacks varieties.  Room was wonderfully done and maybe it is not a JW Marriott, was surprised that the toiletries is not Thann as I have experienced in other Marriott. Breakfast spread was good but taste wise not to my expectation but however the service at…
5	This hotel is placed behind Hartono Mall in one building complex. So it is very easy for you to buy anything you need. It has wide pool. The food is good and the staffs are friendly. The hotel is new. So expect a good interior and facilities.
5	The staff here is impeccable. Once you are introduced they address be name. They are service oriented. Everything you need is a request away.  Breakfast is delicious and a variety of food from different regions  Bonus is that it is connected to a lovely mall Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel is perfect.  
5	We loved everything about our stay at the Yogyakarta Marriott. The hotel is perfectly clean, lounges, restaurant, rooms and pool area. The gym is very well equipped for a hotel gym and also very well maintained. Free water and towels are offered. The pool area is phenomenal with a large pool and towel service. Only little downfall was that no service was offered proactively at the pool concerning drinks and food. The room we had was tremendous with a very nice modern design, a large window front . The bed was comfortable and provided good sleep. The breakfast buffet was excellent with a great variety of food. Staff was very friendly and helped with everything we needed. Last but not least the location in Yogyakarta is very good, right next to a mall a little bit outside of the…
5	Away from the noise of the city, quiet hotel. Everyone is helpfull and smiling. Rooms are new, big and with all the modern amenities. The hotel is 2mns walk from a big mall. Breakfast is outstanding, the food is excellent -Thank you Chef Yoyo: hope to see you as a Chef in Paris one day..- Thank you Yolanda for your help and permanenent smile - Thank you Rio we enjoyed meeting your smile everywhere in the hotel. We hope to be back one day.
5	New hotel in Yogya, as a member of Marriott rewards - I’m curious and therefore we stay here to experience this one for family holiday. Excellent and exceptional :) from the very kind and nice staffs, great ambience of the hotel and large rooms, cool design of the pool, wide variety and delicious breakfast, it surely fulfill and exceeded my family expectations. During our contacts with the hotel staffs shown that their trying to make us/guests happy, we had a wonderful stay.
4	I stayed for 2 nights , check in was smooth and i book for the twins rooms. The room is spacious with 2 large beds , it is about 160cm each bed. The pillow is too thin for me. Breakfast is 5 star hotel standard and they allowed kids for free breakfast. This hotel is connected with hartono mall, i hope this hotel can improve the room cleanliness because i still spot many small dust in my room. Overall i enjoy my stay on marriott
5	I had the most pleasant stay here. The staffs are very nice and very very helpful, always greet us and smile. Smooth check in and check out process, great view from our room, wide selection of breakfast, also they had a kids-friendly pool with very nice view, had a great dinner at taman sari bar n grill, everything are perfect. We'll definitely come back, for sure. 
5	I was came to Marriott Jogjakarta on 11 August 2018 for My friends graduations . I can't join at ballroom with my friends because that who can join are only parents . So i have to stay in another ballroom . Because i feel sleepy and little bit hungry , i decide to ask receptionist to order cup of coffee, food or something that i can eat , and asking about another restaurant and open for public inside the hotel . She provides information about several restaurants but i choose to go to taman sari restaurant at 2nd or 3rd floor (sorry that i am forget), and when i came to Taman Sari i feel so Amazing cause i see thats very beautiful view and they have the big swimming pool also for inhouse guest . Taman Sari Restaurant is REALLY GOOD ! the best restoran that i know i guess . The…
5	Big room, clean, plenty of choices for breakfast, short walk to Hartono Mall.  We requested for a connecting room and we got it.  Simply wonderful as we were travelling with a kid.  Called room service at 10pm and kitchen was still open.  Thumbs up for their punctuality as food was delivered right on the dot.  Told me when I placed the order that delivery to room will take 40 min and believe it, food was delivered right on the dot.   Requested for a taxi for our return to airport and taxi was waiting for us before we check out.  Staff were simple wonderful and super service.   Will definately recommend to friends. 
5	I'd like to say thank you to all Yogyakarta Marriott staffs for our incredible stay, can't believe where you stay at new hotel (even not 1 year open) give such a very incredible memories. Especially thanks to Mr. Yuda the duty manager, he personally welcoming me and my partners upon check in and always has an enthusiast feeling to have a small chit chat every time we met. The check in process fast and informative, the food was very delicious, the room was very elegant and spacious. Definitely would come back if we visit this city again.  Regards, Daan
5	I am so happy that my hometown has such a good hotel restaurant in the heart of city. Great place to enjoy drinks and food. They served grilled meat and fish with nice selections of wines. Affordable price of wines with good selections of grapes. The service staff is awesome, attentive but not intrusive. Looking forward to visit this place again.
5	A perfect modern, clean, and comfortable hotel in Yogyakarta. Large room (40 sqm) for the smallest with either Merapi or City view. Large swimming pool, gym and restaurant. The foods are tasty with plenty choissess (Europe, Asia, and Indonesian foods). Excellent service, manycar parking slots,
5	This is probably the best Marriott hotel I have ever stayed in across the Pacific. The hotel is fairly new, spotlessly clean, with super-friendly staff. We got upgraded to the M Club floor, in large a corner room, with a large bathtub. The swimming pool is large and beautiful. The Kitchen, its restaurant on the lobby level makes delicious food. Its breakfast provides a great variety of food. I ordered oxtail soup for lunch and it was perfect. The M Lounge (for club members) offers complimentary drinks and other snacks. Staff were very nice, especially Sofie and Lia, who provided great service. The hotel is next door to a large shopping mall. There are various stores and food choices. I would definitely return there when I come to Yogyakarta again.
5	The rooms are amazing, the hospitality of the staff is also very good, the breakfast is varied and the taste is quite delicious. The swimming pool is nice and big, it's just that the water quality needs to be improved a little because it's less clear. The hotel lobby is very classy and large. Close to Hartono Mall so it's easy to find food and shopping. However, if we bring a private vehicle, access to the hotel parking is somewhat blocked by the mall visitors who want to go to the parking lot, because access to the hotel intersects with access to the mall. But that didn't matter to us, because the hotel was amazing.
5	I safely say that this hotel has nothing to complain. Simply the finest hotel in the town, especially for the room itself. The room was spacious with well-designed interior. The double bed room offered with two queen size bed which was very good for family. Upon your arrival, you could notice the very nice staffs. Other facility such as fitness center and swimming pool was nice as well. The breakfast was great. Another plus point was the hotel’s whereabouts was a stone throw away to the big mall. This is a to-go hotel once you’re in yogyakarta. 
4	It was a memorable experience we have celebrated on 22 July for my BFF’s birthday though there was a “small” issue during check in, all was quickly attended by the duty manager Rosa. Thank you for the special arrangements fr the room deco and upgrade of room as your Platinum member. It was a memorable stay.  It is great to stay here because its linked to the mall which is good! Will come back again. 
5	I actually cried when I left this hotel - it was amazing.  The staff were so personal and wonderful.  We felt truly welcomed.  The concierge Munir went above and beyond to arrange a videographer for us at very last minute.  The facility was beautifully appointed.  I felt the quality was more like a top end JW Marriott.  Best value for your Marriott points!!
5	+ Great Breakfast + Hospitality + Good Service + Easy Check in + Spacious room + Nice ambience + Close to a mall + Really helpfull Staff. We had a problem canceling a room but the staff offered a great solution.  - a little bit far from city center but it's not a problem
4	Nice Hotel to Stay with Family, because Near the biggest mall in Yogyakarta, but we had little problem at check in because takes a long time at busy hour time.. However we enjoy the stay & facilities provided..
5	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in Deluxe Double Bed Room. The room is spacious with 2 comfortable beds and complete facilities as a 5 star hotel. Checked-in process is quick and the service of the receptionist is very good. The breakfast is very good with lots of foods, especially the dessert which they have tradisional and western dessert. We can ask for the fresh juice as well.  The swimming pool is quite big enough and the hotel have children pool too.   This hotel side by side with Hartono Mall so you can find many restaurants there very easily.   I enjoyed staying here and will come back again.
5	Had stayed in this hotel on 6-7 Juli 2018.  It was a great experience to stay in JW Marriott Hotel Yogyakarta. Large room, great view, amazing breakfast and excellent hospitality. Will definitely come back when I visit Yogyakarta insya Allah
5	Beautiful hotel right across from the largest shopping mall in Yogyakarta. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Check-in was quick and efficient. They went above and beyond in making our stay memorable. Gym is quite spacious with many free weights and machine...all new. Rooms were beautiful and very large.
5	Stayed here at the Yogyakarta Marriott for two nights, this brand is the first Marriott hotel in Indonesia. This hotel have perfect location for those who want to stay at the heart of city, located in the Hartono Mall complex, so Traveller who like shopping will like to stay here. My first impression about this hotel is they have a very nice lobby, well designed, spacious and luxurious. Room are clean, big and comfortable as International 5 star hotel standard. The reception and all the staffs are very friendly and helpful. At the second floor they have big pool with sunset view, restaurant, gym and spa. For the breakfast, they have many choices food and the taste is really good. So far as long as I stay at this hotel everything running well.  Would come back here again.
5	Room are clean, big and tidy as International 5 star hotel standard. The reception so friendly, and all the staffs that I meet are friendly too, and helpful. Big pool and sunset view & nice gym space at the second floor. Many choices meals for breakfast. So far as long as I stay at this hotel .. everything running well.
4	Staying for short business trip.  Been staying the hotel and using their service many times since its soft opening. The property quality is good, since its new. The service getting better. Our expectation was higher as named as Marriott.  The room was OK, Spacious, clean and neat, like the room facing the pool. Breakfast  OK but for the variety not OK (hapal bener makanannya), especially for lunch (should give more option).  Over all, it was pleasant but we are expecting better service from Marriott.
5	Perfect location for those wanting to be at the heart of city, this brand new hotel takes its newly set up standard for the guests.   Grand design, including details of electrical outlets... you practically don’t need to bring many adapters etc especially when on business trip. Quiet yet cold AC - you can sleep in without AC as a matter of fact    Would come back here again
5	Traveller who like shopping and get fresh air will like to stay here. Wide swimmingpool for family. Wide screen TV at room. Various breakfast menu from gudeg to noodle . Lounge for Marriott reward at lobby.
5	I stayed at the Yogyakarta Marriott for nine nights in July 2018. The staff was courteous and efficient. The room was well appointed with one exception, that being that there was not a proper work-station in the room. There was, however, a table and chair where I could set up my laptop.  The hotel is in the Hartono Mall complex. There are fast food restaurants (Burger King, Wendy's & McDonald's) and several upscale restaurants in the mall. I did not eat at the hotel's restaurants, but I did review the menus. The selection on the hotel's menu was varied with Western and Asian foods at reasonable prices. Traffic in front of the hotel/mall can sometimes be very congested. A good taxi driver can navigate around the congestion by using back streets.  Overall, I rate the Yogyakarta a…
5	Room is spacious and very clean. Staff are very friendly and accommodative. Location is beside Hartono Mall, very comfortable for dining and shopping. Our flight was late at night, so I asked for extended check-out time, and the staff was so helpful to accommodate the request. The only thing could be improved in my opinion is the quality of the breakfast.
5	I held a business trip in april 2018 and held an event there (an Instameet with architecture in life community), it feels great to be here with complete facilities. Swimming pool is very on point because it is located above the lobby. It's very cool.
4	This hotel is very good in service, friendly staff, clean room . Breakfast is good with a lot of variety but due to Ied holiday it is very crowded at breakfast. The view at the swimming pool is amazing at night but the pool is close at 6 pm and they throw the chemical in to the pool . So We can't continue swimming after 6 pm.
5	Big room, big hotel, great breakfast, big swimming pool, we are having amazing time in 2 days staying here. We just need kids club for kids to play at, so kids can play and parents can relax. Overall : pleasant experience.
4	I stayed for 2 nights with my family for holiday.  First impression they have a very nice lobby, well designed, spacious and luxurious. Check in process was fast but i have to wait for 45 minutes for my room to be ready. Their check in time is 3pm and i arrived around 2. Staff are friendly and helpful. Room was spacious, again well designed, super clean with good odor. I stayed in twin bed room, bed size was good (140), cozy pillow, swimming pool view room, bathroom was nice and clean, adequette amenity (i expect them to be more complete).  Now facility, they have huge and nice swimming pool which unfortunately open up to 6 Pm only. Yogyakarta is tourist destination and people are mostly back to hotel at afternoon, so swim pool should open bit later at least until 7.30 pm.  They…
5	Marriott service undoubtful one of the best anywhere, made possible by the helpful, smiley and friendly staffs. From the check-in process to room service, waitress, housekepeers, and literally every staff, they are amazing and make you feel always welcome. Nicely designed room and comfortable bed & pillow. Little details missing such as better quality shampoo, soap & coffee which I expect from the Marriott class. Big pool include shallow one for younger children and a whirlpool.
1	I stayed in this hotel 4-5 months ago and decided to stay again in this Lebaran Festive. My decision to stay here was because of 2 factors, location and breakfast. But I got surprise, first I order my room thru Advanced Purchase Rate in Marriott Website (I book 2 room for 2 night). It wasnt mention any terms that my purchase wont be included breakfast, I really looking thru the web site to find this terms but cannot found it. After I am assured that my order will be included breakfast I booked and paid the bill. Yesterday, when we want to check in, we got information that our room is not included breakfast (while my expectation to choose this hotel is the breakfast in Yogyakarta Kitchen). Second, Marriott kindly offered us 1x complimentary breakfast but they just gave me a very…
4	Stayed here second time for a leisure. New established hotel, and expected for the good design and good service. They connect with the shopping mall, so it’s very convenience for us. Eventough the room ceilling is not that high, thus for a tall people like me must stay alert with the hanging lamp. Will back here again once visit Yogyakarta.
5	Just got back from my short stay at Marriott Jogjakarta, and it was wonderful stay.  Checked in with no time, got my 5 rooms immediately, and I found a pleasant room of mine with nice view.  Breakfast was wonderful, since they placed all the guests at ballroom for breakfast. That was quite something for me and I appreciated Marriott for doing so,that was a cleaver action to avoid restaurant from riot of hunger peoples in the morning.   Had good time there, and planned to come over again someday for another great experience. And thank you for Rosa, the receptionist that helped me with my access card.. Really appreciated it.  Overall, another great work from Marriott as always... 
5	Price very good, taste of food very good, variety very good ...only need to improve for refill the food need more faster (as we felt a bit too long to wait) ..overall good experience had a Breakfasting with some friends at the Ballroom of Marriott Hotel Yogya. Well done ....love it 
2	I am a member of Marriott Rewards program - though at the bottom-most level, yet still a member, and this means they have my data. I've booked via the chain's website, and my credit card has been billed. The Marriott App. informed me that I could the online check-in. Upon the actual check-in, there was no different experience at all between having made online check-in: I still had to queue with the other guests who did not make online check-in, reception still had to verify my data, I even still needed to fill a form (!), they still had not prepared my key cards, no welcome drink, nothing absolutely special.  The hotel's security is the lowest possible. No scanning from the main entrance. Anybody, and I mean just ANYBODY, can waltz into the hotel freely without no security check…
5	Visited for a weekend only (Fri-Sat).  The rooms were very nice and clean.  Big as well.  Windows were across the width of the wall which made the room very light.  Food was great, breakfast, dining restaurant and Tamansari Grill.  The only minus is that when you are at the pool side, there is no waiter service or anything to order for drinks/ food as the Tamansari grill opens late afternoon (I believe it was 5PM).  So I sat by the pool all Sunday and had to go downstairs to order a watermelon juice.  Super friendly and nice staff.  The concierges were very helpful in giving tips and explaining how things work.  
5	We stayed 3 nights in this hotel. Everything was perfect for us. The hotel is new and modern. It is located next to Hartono Mall and has spacious parking space. The swimming pool is amazing for kids and adults. The breakfast is delicious with various of food and beverages.  The staff hotel are very friendly, informative and care to the guests. Our attendant room, Mr Anwar, was very thoughtful and artistic.  He made 2 elephants from the towel and these made my daughter happy.  We absolutely return to this hotel when in town and happily recommend this hotel to other.
5	Very convenient location next to Hartono mall. New and clean hotel room, great swimming pool. Good spread of food for breakfast. Been to a few Marriott hotel around Indonesia, i must say Yogyakarta have the best service. Staff always so warm, friendly and smiley. 
4	The hotel is 15mins from the airport and next to the Hartono Mall. I was there for a day/ night after Borobudur for some shopping and easy access to airport. I was happy with my decision. Hotel is 6 months old and has a nice big swimming pool. Malioboro is 30 mins away by taxi and I accomplished what I set to do. 
5	Room very clean and big, breakfast superb, feel welcomed by beautiful smile of front desk staff. Was a great experience stay with my friends from Japan and we enjoy our stay so much. Will definitely my second home when visit Jogja again. Can't wait for second visit.. Anyway, i love your pool..
5	Having something to do in last minute at Yogyakarta and end up late, I found myself in Marriott. Where I cannot find anything below my expectations. Stay in fabolus room and outstanding service from front office named yudha..I really appreciate what they served for me. Big thumbs for Yogyakarta Marriot team<U+0001F60E><U+0001F60E>
5	On 26/5 upon my check in with staff Hendik, a lady walk towards counter and was extremely rude towards Hendik throwing a card rudely towards his direction and did not even bother Hendik was serving me. She should learn to be more patient even anything happen as I am also the hotel guest. She should respect others in order to earn respect irregardless she is right or wrong. I really look down on people who behave this way. Being a hotel guest, I felt this hotel standard is awesome, even the kitchen, Swimming pool and front desk are all awesome. I don’t understand what standard the rude lady expect when she herself don’t have standard. Hope the management don’t blame Hendik, as he keep apologise to her and solved her problem even Hendik is half way through my check in. What else…
5	This the first time staying at brand new hotel in Yogyakarta, first quite difficult to find the hotel location with traffic outside the hotel but after arrived at the lobby..all those bad things were gone turn to great things, all the staff were friendly and helpfull from outside the entrance, receptionist and housekeeping staff. View times check in at many 5stars hotel, marriott yogyakarta one of the best. My regards to well-shaved-bald-head guy at front desk, forgot the name but his smile were very sincere and delightful. Thank you marriott yogyakarta for the good memories. definitely will come here again.
5	Me and my girlfriend was so happy stay here.. Nice hotel, nice location.. great breakfast also, not forget the shoping mall, had a nice time stay in there.. Thanks all the staff, we will be back soon..
5	Got a chance to stay in this hotel during my holiday with my friend. Everything is perfect! Nice pool, spacious room, and helpful staff. I will recommend this hotel to my friend. Great job and keep it up!
5	big thanks to the front office staff particularly mr. yudha for his effort making my staycation memorable, they did a great job making wow experience to me, everything was perfecto, i will definitely return soon..
5	Nice room, clean, great staff always smile and helpfull. Located near by the mall. Need to keep up the good work. Definitely  will come back for next visit. One of many best hotel ay Yogyakarta. Shout out for everyone there.
5	Good service! Good lobby, nice pool  Good food, nice smile from the staff And also thank you for Mr. Yudha (front office) to explain me about jogja And some places to buy some very famous batik clothes there :)
5	One of the best Marriott in Indonesia! Lately I need to go back forth Jakarta-Yogyakarta and Marriott always the best choice to stay.  Comfy bed, friendly staff, spacious and very good lighting room (since I eork at night in my room so need good lighting so I wont get sleepy easily lol). But no worries, the bed light is also good so no need to worry fot a too bright/too dark room at night.  GREAT 24hr GYM and pool! For me, their gym is the highlight, esp its 24hr. Sadly, the pool's only open until 6pm. The food's here is good! Breakfast complete and various things to choose, food to order in room also good!  Though Marriott need to work on their membership, book through company/travel agent not considered as points, loyalty should not omly count as book through their own web. …
5	We stayed at Marriott Yogyakarta to celebrate my husband's birthday. My husband managed to do mobile check in and they even send notification that the room is ready, what a great start! We got the room which has the view of the city. The room has this modern design and the bathroom is clean and spacious. But, we were surprised that we have only single person ammenities for the bathroom (tootbrush for example), so we need to call them for the extra. We had dinner at Tamansari grill, the food is great and we had amazing time there. Thank you, Marriott Yogyakarta, we definitely will stay again for our staycation.
5	booked here for 3 nights for our long weekend getaway from Jakarta. we stayed in Deluxe room, a generous 42m2 with king bed and a long couch right beside the window. the bathroom is also considerably spacious for a non-suite room, albeit without a bath tub. since we brought two toddlers with us and one of them is a 2 year old, we asked for a baby cot through the mobile app. the cot was already setup inside the room once we got into the room.  the swimming pool is awesome. we really love the way they separate the pool. from above it looked like there's only one giant swimming pool but once you get close to it, there are shallow sections for children.  the Yogyakarta Kitchen offers european, chinese, Indonesian, and even local food from Yogyakarta such as Gudeg. breakfast was…
4	As Marriot fan we decide to have fam reunion in this new Marriot, expecting to have the same comfort,good food as we always had.The room is very superb.Nice airy, spacious, modern. All amenities and facilities as Marriot signature.Unfortunately the extravaganza pool the water was murky.only after we made inquiries the next time u can see your toes,becomes more clear. Still problem with the system.Secondly our big dissapointment is the breakfast.Yes there are so many varieties but not supported by the taste and display.Example kailan sauted with big half raw carrot.chinese or indonesian?piles of ready made omelet that is not so appetizing anymore.We are very happy with the good service from the staff.who..listen to our opinion.Hope it will go to the right person because we love…
5	My first time here, as I was surprised that finally I can see a Marriot hotel in Jogja. The first impression was that the staffs here were amazing! Very helpful and show high attention to guests.  The location is very good! Right next to a fantastic shopping mal. And only 20 mins away from the airport. The room was fantastic! The welcoming cakes and drinks in the room was a sweet touch. I couldn't find the safety box though (it's always help to have one in the room).  The breakfast was very good. Good coffee, good food, great service. Very accommodating staffs! I took time to use the gym, which has quite good mix of facilities. Very clean and nice! Overall, very good experience!
5	Visiting Jogja annually and honestly it was always hard to select the hotels especially if you are looking for a decent 5 stars hotel in the city. Mostly the hotels are old enough and just had simple refurbishments or new hotels that good with the building but not with the service. What I experienced with Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel changed that condition. Great physical hotel building, with spacious lobby, proper check-in area, sufficient elevators (they even have two elevator corridors, one to the ballroom area but we could still use it especially when to go to the next shopping mall), big outdoor swimming pools, fine fitness center, tremendous buffet menu on the breakfast, awesome guest room and the staff services was excellent! Sadly their F&B outlet next by the pool was not…
4	I've been three times staying at this htl Given how excited and jovial we’re likely to be,  The cleanliness and professional services made me come back again   Surprises make us feel like we’ve gained extra value from our short trip, a bonus we can feel happy about...the huge room as well as complete breakfast variety is really fair, value for money   Of course our hotel experience will need to match our enthusiasm and find ways to delight Marriott is recommended for many occasions  Thanks
4	It is really nice hotel with nice staff with nice everything waaaw . The only thing is that no smoking  atall<U+0001F92A>,only by the pool. It is gorgoeous hotel ,just get the pool view and try the 3rd floor waaw
5	First impression is that the room is so huge! Love it so much. The bathroom has unique design, no bathtub in my room  (run out of room and only get deluxe twin) but  no problem. The twin beds are actually individually huge. My wife and I can sleep together in one of the bed with comfort. One room actually can afford like 4-5 people. Interior finishing quality is good, service is excellent. Other good thing is that they have plenty variation on breakfast menu. From Nasi goreng to ice cream. More options as well on the fruit and juice.
5	Super nice hotel next to a shopping mall. The pool is huge and we loved hanging out there. Breakfast is superb, and so was all the a la cart food we ordered. The room is stylish. Overall, it is a great place in Jogja!
5	We spend 3 nights here...  This hotel is brand new... So it still clean and really comfortable..   They have very friendly staff,  their room is big enough.. Very clean and comfortable.. Nice and cozy... They have really big sofa in the room.. Love it so much.. For lying down while viewing the city..   Also i really love the food... It's taste so delicious..  Love their gudeg, noodle in tom yum soup..  I think i love all their food...  For breakfast they serve a lot of food.. So you can choose want you want,  asian, Indonesian,  western,  healthy food...   They located behind hartono mall,  so if need something you can walk there..   They have big swimming pool with great view.. You children will love it..   But only one thing that i don't like.. Their water faucet smells…
5	Great hotel with excellent service. New hotel with big and cozy room. The hotel is near to mall in jogjakarta.  Nice swimming pool. Good resto with yummy breakfast too. Thanks Sandri for your kind service.
5	Just spend 3 days for a short getaway, the service offered by the ladies and gentlemen at this hotel were all outstanding. They have a fantastic pool too Greeted by the cute girl Catherine along with the welcome drink, checked in process with Ms. Lita,  Wonderful service yet friendly from housekeeping Marcel and Fajar Turn down by Jainal & Yessi, they set up an animal towel with the personalized card (they wrote it personally) A friendly staff at Yogyakarta kitchen restaurant Iqbal and Slamet, he even gave us an advice for beach destination there.   Unforgettable checked out process by Daniel, he is very humble yet professional Thank you to the whole Marriott family who turning my stay into memories
5	This is a brand new hotel in Yogyakarta.  It's beautiful and its general atmosphere is modern and welcoming.  The staff are smart and wonderful.  The rooms are great.  The pool is terrific.  And, don't be shy about ordering a la carte:  There are great options and the food was terrific.  The staff are great at arranging for taxis (which are inexpensive) and it was easy and inexpensive to have laundry done too.  My children made use of the fact that the Hartorno Mall is right next door with plenty of good choices in the food court.   There were no surprises with the bill.  And the hotel felt safe and comfortable --- full of Indonesian and foreign families.  I only wish that we had more time to try the Spa!
5	+ the room is spacious, twin bedding is 2 queen bed which fits family with 2 kids like mine + love the bathroom concept, I can put all my skincare and toiletries cos have a lot of space + we also love the pools.. my kids enjoy playing and swimming in the kids pool + convenient access to Hartono Mal + breakfast also good and got a lot of choices + the services from the staff starting from check in, in the restaurant.. all good and always greet us..  - car access to this hotel little bit hard..
4	we had a great stay at this hotel. the staff in particular were absolutely amazing! they took very good care of us and made us feel welcome. All staff were great and unfortunately I don't remember all their names. I would like to thank the front office manager,  Yolanda and Rossie who were extremely helpful and made sure that we had a great stay. Dichi in the M club and Sonia and Mark in the restaurant were very attentive and helpful. Rooms were large and the spa was good.
5	Had stayed a few nights closer to Malioboro Street at another 5 star hotel then had 4 nights at the newly opened Marriott Yogyakarta. This is a perfect hotel that is refined, friendly, helpful and designed in a modern style. The rooms are very tastefully decorated and are spacious and contemporary. The pool is enormous and had it often to ourselves for up to 2 hours before anyone else used it. Even when there are others, it is large enough to keep well away from others to maintain privacy. The landscaping is new and in time will grow to provide more greenery and shady areas, as it is a little austere at the moment. One design fault was that there isn’t a toilet area in the adjacent pool area, so you need to use your key access to enter the fitness club and walk down a corridor…
4	Wonderful hotel with professional receptionist (Tagar) and a distinctly modern decor. Comfortable beds and top rate amenities. Amazing bathroom complete with rainy shower, floors in the bathroom are a nice touch. Rooms are Excellent, Spacious. We'll appointed. Service was friendly, helpful and pleasant. Restaurant Very clean modern and trendy. Serving tea/coffee need to be hot. Housekeeping doing great job. Pool attendant was friendly and helpfull Overall stay was great. Hotel a bit far from downtown Malioboro road.  Zulu Gint
5	Ok,  So as a platinum member I spend 200+ nights a year in hotels around the world. I guess that would make me an expert.  This property is flat out one of the best Marriott's I have ever stayed at.  I don't care about the room, how big it is, how nice it is.  A room is a A room, The rooms at The Park Lane Marriott are much nicer then the rooms at the Orlando Airport Marriott, but that is not what makes a 5 star great hotel.  What does is a staff that cares, that knows your name, that asks how you day was, that wants to know about you.  A staff that asks you what changes they can make to provide for a better customer experience.  If you come to this hotel and don't leave anything but 5 stars then you are just complaining to complain and you don't know anything about hotels or…
4	New hotel with attached with hartono mall. Staff were very friendly and helpful when check in and out time.  Room very spacious and pool is very huge and nice and pool restaurant is still on renovation the only restaurant is in lobby for breakfast ,lunch and dinner.  I were very disappointed with the breakfast most of the food is tasteless and quality of food is not up to marriot standard. The best part of the is restaurant staff with great hospitality.  Overall great staff and hotel. I will highly recommend this marriot.  
5	I stay with my family for vacation ,, Rooms large enough to stay with family, very complete facilities. I really like of the big pool and Yogyakarta Kitchen  Restaurant. Thank you very much to Daniel, Aji and Tanasil for your excellent service 
2	There was a long queue at check in, 6 positions but only two were staffed on a busy Saturday afternoon. Then they lost our bags, we had to phone down to reception when they didn't arrive, were told they would send them straight up, but 5 minutes later they phoned and asked us to describe them. Sunday breakfast was very busy, another long queue, and a bit of a bun fight in the restaurant, meaning we certainly didn't get 5 star hotel service in the restaurant. We took the hotel shuttle into town, which is about a 20 minute drive away from the hotel, but it didn't turn up to bring us back. Another family stranded with us phoned, the hotel said they would sort it out immediately, but after waiting 30 minutes they phoned to say the shuttle would not be coming for us as the driver had…
2	This is a spanking, beautiful 5-star facility, the best in Jogja.  But why are your staff at the Yogyakarta Kitchen so poorly trained? First day when I arrive for my breakfast, I give my room number and was told my reservation does not include breakfast, okay I know that. Then, I am asked how do I intend to pay for it, cash or charge to the room. When I said charge to my room, I am asked, "Did you give us a deposit when you checked-in?" WTF????  When I signed the bill, I am given a pen that leaked ink (see pix), and for dinner, it's rack of lamb medium rare that is just uncooked raw, and after sending it back to be re-cooked, it comes back still uncooked inside. (see pix).   When I checked out, I am asked, "You have a charge for dinner?" I had a charge for 2 breakfasts, 2…
4	My requests were: A twin bed room where it was quiet and far from noises. Plus the AC had to be in a good condition. Mbak Feri gave me the exact one I was expecting.  Room 568 was almost in the corner, it was quiet and very clean. Breakfast was good, gym was impressive, staff were pros. The rate was about 1200 K IDR. Unfortunately there were unexpected occurences during my stay.  1. The air circulation did poor job when I set it to Low fan. It worked well at medium fan, but it made noises all night long. So I had to set it to high fan. The room was very windy, but the noises from the fan were gone. 2. The floor drain was clogged. 3. The water was smelly. 4. The closet was leaking.  Had to press it multiple time to stop the running water.  Marriot is a new hotel but it is already…
5	Marriott’s first foray into Indonesia is a stellar one - from a friendly and accommodating staff, contemporary decor and a great location (near the modern shopping mall), this is the place to stay in Yogyakarta. The rooms are gorgeous and sexy.  If you are traveling to Yogyakarta book this now before the introductory rates go away. 
5	The hotel is/seem very new, located slightly outside the city--not a really happening surrounding, but also not very busy/loud. Connected to a huge shopping mall so food & other needs are not a problem at all. Atmosphere and facilities is very well maintained. Pool area is amazing. Room is very spacious, very comfortable. Food is really good here and relatively cheap for a hotel that has a luxury feel. Service is amazing, they are really trained to impress. Really recommended.
5	First time staying in this hotel for a conference. The check in and check out process is smooth. The staff are friendly and helpful. My room is clean and spacious. The bed provides comfort and good night sleep. I used the fitness center and the swimming pool. I love the pool because the water is not too cold for swimming in the morning, and the pool has the length enough for a lap swimming. The breakfast offers various menu, with good quality and tasty food. Best breakfast among many hotels in Yogyakarta that I have tried. The location is next to Hartono Mall. It is best for conference, or for those who'd like to explore the northern part of Yogyakarta, Kaliurang area, and Borobudur. The hotels have convention center and many meeting rooms. Definitely will come back.
5	Yogyakarta is best known for the famous temples of Borobudur and Prambanan.  The Marriott Yogyakarta is new and located in the downtown, neighboring the elegant Hartono Shopping Mall, (Newest and largest shopping mall in the region).  Hotel rooms are modern and spacious, extremely clean and beds very comfortable.  The “M Club” has a relaxed ambiance and the staff very friendly.  For swimmers, there is an immense swimming pool, quite nice to take a dip after a hot day of sightseeing and shopping.  The hotel staff could not be more helpful in answering any of your questions, from helping with confirming airplane flights to providing guidance on Yogyakarta.  Breakfast is a real feast comprising both English breakfast items, extensive variety of fruits and pastries, as well as…
5	This is my first visit to Yogyakarta and i chose Marriott to spend my occasion. It was a great choice and they gave me room upgrade. Thank you Mr Dichi for  welcoming us. You're very informative, talkative and helpful. Superb!    Hotel's location are reachable from Adisutjipto International Airport -- about 15mins,  and near to Hartono Mall. What a compliments!  
1	I really disappointed with this stay in Marriott.  They really don’t know how to treat Marriott Platinum Elite member. I am pretty sure that their staff are not so familiar with the loyalty membership. They did give me an upgrade, but to the worst room ever I stay in Marriott. Room on the corner of second floor with no view at all. I usually get the best view room (which already reflected on my Marriott profile-> best view and high floor), even the best room at the property. I booked 2 king rooms for 2 nights, they gave me twin bed. I didn’t understand what they think, I have only 1 small baby and already raised this concern before I came. We had to sleep on the small bed, while the other bed empty until my 8 months old baby fall down because 3 of us sleep together.  They have…
5	This is one of the best hotels we stayed in Yogyakarta. Room was large and comfortable. Our bed was comfortable.The room was very very clean and modern. The staff at the front desk was very friendly, helpful and professional. They give us smile everytime. The lobby was nice and clean, near Hartono mall the biggest mall in Yogyakarta. Large swimming  pool and nice view, Breakfast area was large, the food also was terrific.There several kitchen staff members constantly monitoring the breakfast items. There was plenty for everyone, everything was perfect. I definitely would stay at this hotel again, a home away from home!!!
5	Overall a fantastic hotel with fantastic staff.  All the staff I encountered were extremely friendly and helpful.  The buffet had great food and a wide variety of selections.  As a gold member we were automatically upgraded to the junior suites before we even arrived and the rooms were fantastic.  No complaints in the service or rooms.  Wifi was great for work.    The M Club had great staff but the only thing I would reconsider is the wine selection.  Both the white and red during the cocktail hour were quite bad.  Also the selection during the Hors D'Oeurves could have been slight improved with a healthier selection of hot foods instead of just the hot eggrolls they provided.    Other than that would recommend this hotel to anyone staying around the Yogyakarta area!  Would be…
5	Stayed here for 3 nights. The room was good, New and clean. Got pool view room that was very good.   My husband got lil surprise service from friendly staff, mba Lita. (With some extra voucher also) <U+0001F601><U+0001F601>  Thanks a lot! 
5	Had a n wonderful experience during my recent stay at Marriott. Very nice ambience ,polite and friendly helpful staff. Quite a new property very closely located near a mall. Spacious very clean  rooms , Best in class hotel at Jogja
5	I rarely give a perfect 5 score for my review, but this hotel has done so well.  The location is a stone’s throw away to Hartono mall, which is a big and quite nice shopping mall. Once you entered the hotel, I feel that every staff try to ensure that you’re treated well during the stay. All of them are very amazing! The is the star in this case. The room is very spacy, with traditional yet modern woody interior. I booked a double bed room which each bed was big enough.  The swimming pool and gym are very good. One comment for this, it’ll be bette of they can provide Sauna and hot jacuzzi tub, and it’ll become the most comprehensive hotel in the town.  The breakfast is superb!! I like everyting offered in the restaurant. Fyi, I also request for a late check out at 2pm and they…
5	The service is awesome, the waiters and waitresses are so friendly, the food is great. We enjoy all you can eat lunch buffet in so affordable price. Recommended place to dine in and spend some time with your friends and family.
5	My first time to Yogyakarta and I saw at the internet that Marriott just launch its new hotel. So I booked and turned out to be very satisfying. Some of details are a lil bit missed but over all it’s great.   They designed it as a conference hotel, so huge building, spacious lobby, self-claimed largest ballroom in Yogyakarta. Room are spacious, the sofa-bed was fun for kids to play, large round table allow me to put all of my things. The bed was so comfy. Definitely I will come again with my family. Btw room service also delicious.   Located next to Hartono Mall, so if you need anything just walk for 2 minutes and you’ll reached one of the largest shopping mall in town.   I also had an event there using one of their meeting rooms. Everything’s fine. Microphone was clear. AC a…
4	Superb staff food are excellent however we have to wait for almost an hour, but it was worth it to wait. Food presentation and taste are great. We will come back. The Egg Benedict for breakfast in the restaurant is excellent. The kitchen staff knows their job.  
5	Checked in Friday night and was immediately upgraded to an executive suite. Room service was relatively fast and the pool was oh so nice. Take advantage of the pool as it is brand new and so fresh. Breakfast buffet is also top notch Marriott quality. 
4	So sad that we stayed only one night at this hotel. All the accommodations were good, love how the pool and gym open for 24 hours. The pool design were so nice, we love it. Room are so good. The attendant were nice and helpful.   Point need to be upgraded are:  1. Toilet need more touch to give more private feelings if there is a family stayed. There is no lock on the toilet door. 2. Slippers were so so for one million rupiah per night rooms.  3. Some parts in the room need to be finished. Seems like unfinished project appears.   Overalls we love to stayed in this brand new hotel. Want more..
5	Wooww.. Me and my family had the best weekend gateway when staying at this hotel.  The staffs hotel as always give the best service. Check in was smooth and fast. And the room was unbelievably beautiful. We booked 2 interconnecting deluxe bedroom. The bed was huge and comfy. The bathroom was clean and chic.  Breakfast menu was delicious and they had a wide range varian of menu.  Thank you Yogyakarta Marriott We definitely will come back.. 
5	...back to Yogyakarta city with there Marriott Yogyakarta hotel with shine service Amazing...all staff very warm welcome..very nice rooms so milenium colour in milenial era...totally amazing thx u for make my dream sleep full of colours..will come back for sure..
4	Stayed here with my daughter early Jan for 5 nights. 2 x King/Queen beds in the room, the bathroom was fantastic, storage was plenty. Overlooking the large pool, all though weather wasn’t the best. Gym was also used and a good selection of equipment. Being brand new a few teething issues and some places not ready to open. Great location next to Hotarno Mall.
5	I loved MARRIOTT Yogyakarta, especially service and F&B products with very-very reasonable price. Huge bath room with the nice design interior. The Marriott team shown their different level of service. Staying over than 4 nights was enjoy and very pleasant for me during business and holiday with my family. Most of the staff recognised us is very deep of service. Pak Roso, Pak Denny & Mba Anggie very-very helpful to assist me and my team during BIG Seminar Group for accommodation of rooms. GREAT TEAM of MARRIOTT with Mr Alain L. Rigodin's success team!
5	Hotel still new , walking distance to Hartono mall.   Spacious room, clean, comfort bed & linen. Modern & lux design  But No bathtub for deluxe room :(  Need more attention to details : no laundry bag in my room, only 1 mug.   Breakfast delicious , variety so-so.   
4	The hotel was fully booked during the busy Christmas to New Year period (when all of Indonesia is apparently on holiday). Nevertheless the new Marriott appears to be the best luxury level hotel in Jogja, so for picky international travelers this is the obvious choice.  Overall we had a positive experience - nice spacious rooms, friendly gracious staff, and a fairly good location - conveniently located next to the new and (relatively) upmarket Hartono Mall. The hotel is on the north side of Jogja city however, not far from the airport, but pretty far from most of the tourist haunts - restaurants on Jalan Prawirotaman, Malioboro shopping street, or the Taman Sari (Water Castle). With traffic (which was pretty awful during the peak holiday season), it was at least 30 mins anywhere…
5	+ Really love the bedroom. it was big and offer the city view. The bed was really comfy. we got a crib for the baby too for free! The room was very clean! The wifi was like an ace, super FAST! And one more, my favorite is the food in the restaurant, Yogyakarta Kitchen! It was AWESOME! The food was super delicious! And the highlight was the DESSERT :) Thank you for make us satisfied.  - The smell from the jetwasher in the toilet was really bad. Should be checked by the hotel team.
5	I had travelled to Yogyakarta before but because of the level of customer service at other hotels I merely did a day trip from Jakarta.   This hotel is a new welcome to this beautiful. Every thing is new. The rooms are beautifully decorated with very good natural lighting. Try to have a room with a view of the pool as it has better lightning in my opinion.  Gym is spacious and well equipped with both cardio machine and weights. It’s open 24/7 which is a blessing. I would like to suggest that they have a clock as I do not bring my mobile to the gym and I am trying to determine how long I have been at the gym. Nothing major   Conference rooms appear very large with what I love a collaboration space which allows for meetings.  People are its asset. Everyone is smiling and does take…
5	This excellent hotel is next to a brand new mall which includes a movie theatre. The location is a bit out of town so see if that suits you. Be aware rooms seem not to be automatically serviced each day and may need to be requested. Each night is a themed buffet which is very good value. All staff we met were friendly and helpful. The hotel has a large pool area.
5	The leadership team in our company holds the event the first time and the team chooses the venue for the event at marriott hotel jogjakarta. Apparently our choice is not wrong, friendly hotel staff service and good cooperation make our event run well. The large rooms with beds and toilets so unique make our breaks very comfortable. The food served is also so varied and also delicious plus friendly waiter service and deft to make an unforgettable impression. There are also some view to capture the moment togetherness, especially in the pool area makes all the tiredness even a long trip pays off with the satisfaction and the impression of the unforgettable.
4	Brand new hotel, recently opened in October 2017. Currently offering affordable soft opening rates, grand opening scheduled in March 2018 (obviously rates’ll doubled or tripled by then) - check website for updates. Located behind Hartono Mall (latest mall in Yogyakarta).   We stayed 31 December 2017 - 3 January 2018. 3 adults and 1 child, occupying 2 connecting rooms.   The hotel was fully booked and a little hectic for the last day of 2017 which was understandable. We arrived around 4.30pm and the room wasn’t ready, however complimentary non alcoholic beverages at M Lounge was offered as we waited an hour long for our rooms. Although we preferred The Lounge, it offered more choices; best cocktails: Margarita, Daiquiri, Cosmopolitan, beer, fruit juices, mocktails as well as…
5	Went for stay here for 2 nights with my family and it was a niceeee stay! The room  is very spacious, unique bathroom concept and the twin bed are big. For me , i was satisfied with all the facilities here, big pool, nice gym, but this hotel doesn’t have a sauna, thats quite disappointing. But all the services are good, and the breakfast was nice too<U+0001F60A>
3	It was my second visit at Marriott Yogyakarta. Different with the first one, this now I felt dissappointed. Toilettries not complete. Even no sandals at the room. Swimming pool’s water was unclear, even some foam at whirlpool.
3	Well i was expecting more from Marriott, actually they have good variations on food, the taste of the food is good, the pool is big, the kids love it. The pool staff is nice, the restaurant staff are nice too, and the other staff is okay, but the receptionist, the first one is the lady, i remember her name is angelina, she is new i guess, from the way she talk, she is pretty nice actually, but a lil new comer, i was asking for the same floor with my friends, she said if i want in the same floor i might have to wait for the room, because they have to clean it first, i said okay, i will go to the mall, and she offer me to put the luggage at the hotel, i said okay, and i ask how much longer i have to wait, and she said i”ll contact the them first. I said okay, somi went to the mall…
4	(+) spacious room.  The twin beds are big.  (+) unique bathroom concept (+) clean (+) good breakfast (+) nice swimming pool  (-) first timer may be confused in finding the hotel. It’s next to Hartono Mall but the parking lot is not shared with mall. (-) heavy traffic around the hotel (-) we checked in at 3.30 but the room was not ready yet. We understood because it was Jan 1st so many people might check out late (-) the only toiletries available were conditioner, lotion, and tooth brush. Perhaps they were in a hurry when preparing our room. We had to ask for the complete toiletries  
3	We stayed here for 3 nights just after the New Year. We chose this hotel because it was a new and only five star hotel in the city and because it was Marriott! So let’s begin with best things that this hotel has to offer. 1. Great great breakfast  2. Convenient location next to a shopping mall  And now the lesser things about this hotel: 1. Not all hotel facilities are ready yet, such as the Quan Spa! Please update your website about this! 2. Bathroom amenities not up to standard for 5-star hotel. When checked in no shower gel in bathroom and only 1 pair of slippers. We asked for shower gel and the next day we got a bottle of shower gel filled in a used bottle of hair conditioner, seems the hotel doesn’t have any shower gel in stock! No replenishing our amenities on a daily…
5	I and my wife stayed 5 nights at Marriott Jogja for our Christmas holidays. I really enjoyed the hospitality and attentive service throughout my stay. As a Marriott Elite member, I have stayed in the Marriott hotel chain around the world. I would say that my stay at Marriott Jogja is certainly one of the best. The hotel is brand new with very comfortable bed / pillow. The location is away from busy Malioboro street but very accessible by car and next to new Hartono Mall. The staff, especially at the M Club is very friendly and attentive in their service. Special thanks to Bherty, Dhiri, Angelina and Rendi who always helpful and making sure our need are being taken care of. The breakfast has an excellent spread with variety of western and local dishes. I especially like the Steak…
3	We booked 3 rooms for 2 night (Des 26, 2017 to Des 28, 2017).  The property quality is good, since its  new. Unfortunately the service was not that good. Our expectation was higher. The day before we got a call from the hotel, they were re-confirming our extra order for the extra-bed. We confirmed it and the hotel promised to set up the extra bed before our arrival schedule. On the day we arrived, it was disappointing that they had not set it up as they promised. We had to wait for ONE hour. Since it was quite tiring trip, an hour of waiting was not well accepted.   Second, the jet shower of toilet water was very stinky. We could barely used it. but the room was OK. Spacious, clean and neat. Breakfast was great with the variety and taste. In second day, we were lead to M club…
5	I checked in on the 22nd of December and checked out on the 27th December. It was a very pleasant stay throughout my 5 days stay there. I was greeted very warmly by the concierge and attended by Ms Lita from Front Office. Her warm smile and friendliness made me feel at ease as this is my first time travelling alone. Security and comfort is what I'm looking for in a hotel and I found it in Yogyakarta Marriott. Kudos to F&B Kitchen for scrumptious food I had for breakfast and New Year's Eve Buffet Dinner. Will definitely come back.
3	Try this hotel as this hotel is a new 5 star hotel, location is next to hartono mall but on quite traffic in the afternoon. Hotels is quite good because is new. The negative is facility is not ready such as whirpool, spa and the water of swimming pool not clear. Ask for additional towel but got the dirty towel, aircon we set for 20 celcius but in the morning we wake up feel a bit hot. Staffs is good and nice, breakfast is average taste, Not to many option as well.
3	I chose this hotel because of the reputation, new, and value for money. My expectation to Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel same as other Marriott in other cities. Overall, it was good because it's new, breakfast was great with many variety of food and location is nice.   There are several notes that I hope the management can improve : 1. Hospitality. For hotel like Marriott, I think hospitality is a must but not here. I feel that the service was not excellent. No greeting to guest eg. When I came to Yogyakarta Kitchen for breakfast (1st day), no one say 'selamat pagi' and when I said so the lady there even didn't reply ( very limited smile I can say) but ok at the 2nd day. And in other occasion, staffs were not so helpful when I ask direction, or when we brought some luggage no one…
3	Tried this new hotel, too bad that when we arrived at 5 PM, the room was not ready. We took a scroll at shopping mal next to the Hotel, and came back at 6 PM, it also has not ready yet! We waited again for 10 minutes, before the staff handed in every thing we needed for checking in.  Q-ing at our back also like 2-3 families waiting for the room to be ready.  The lobby lady (Evi) who handled the check in is not friendly, by far from being apologetic in hospitality industry. She even threw a sour face, when I asked for any upgrade (as a usual apologetic action in hospitality industry). Not even say a sorry at all.   She does ruin the whole impression staying there, because just to be fair, the room is decorated nicely and modern. The bathroom is good, open door (with optional to…
3	Marriott Yogyakarta is one of the luxurious hotel I have ever stayed. Best if I could say. Room is spacious, very clean and tidy, elegant design. However since this hotel was just newly openned, I must wait for almost an hour just for check-in eventhough it was 3.30 pm already. At first the receptionist lady asked me to wait while she confirmed the room readiness with house keeping. But after 20 mins, no certainty yet. She was not trained properly how to handle upset customer, seems clueless and very obvious she showed her unfriendly face as well. Supervisor also there but she didn't show attentive support. It took me almost 1 hour just to get the room key while we actually had schedule to catch up with. Wish for better and improved quality of receptionist. Overall I enjoy the…
5	The Marriott is only a few months old and it is impressive. Very modern feel with an Indonesian twist, made the decor stand out. We checked in the afternoon after flying in from Jakarta, there was a slightly long line but not too bad. Since we are Marriott platinum members, we were upgraded to a lovely one bedroom suite with view of the pool. Lots of space for the kids! The M lounge had a good selection of snacks in the evening before we hit Malioboro street.  In the morning, we were going to miss breakfast due to our sunrise tour but they were able to pack up breakfast boxes for us to take along!  Few points that were just a little inconvenient: -Water bottles not readily available in the M lounge- you have to ask but I felt shy asking for 3-4 bottles -The light switch for…
5	We stayed for 2 night and had very splendid weekend ever in Jogjakarta, my kids love the Yogjakarta Kitchen, they were pampered by the good chef Kamal with many kind for kids friendly selections of foods.. nothing to be complain about the foods.. Good job Marriot..
5	Love this luxury hotel :) the room very spacious and the foods are delicious. they also have a lot of variety of foods for breakfast.  this hotel also very friendly with millenials and photographer, they know they are not running military base but leisure business. their security instead of stopping me from taking picture, they even provide some advise and location for better pictures with dem very very friendly face and tone! this is amazing! Keep it up!!!!  remember, now days, your premises is your promotion and millenials and photographer will love to spread it :)  My minor comment only, please change your shaver ammenities with the branded one since currently too bad and far from comfortable  see you soon marriot!!!
5	We travelled here with a 2 year old toddler and the stay in this hotel made it Super comfortable. The food was great, very well located not to mention there is a shopping mall attached in the same complex. The staff are really good, very friendly and accommodated is in every was possible. I would highly recommend this hotel for your trip. The rooms are very spacious and trendy. Hospitality at their best! 
4	When we opened our travel app we were not sure if there was a Marriott here. It is! It was just opened last month. Location wise it is convenient for those who like shopping as it is just within the mall. But perhaps because it is new, the staff or the system has not been in sync with travel app as I booked via the app. It took over 30 minutes on check in due to the confusion of whether my credit card had been charged by the app or it should be charged at hotel. I didn’t know if it was the staff or the sync between hotel and the app.  Anyway it is a nice hotel with Marriott standard. I like the business access as the it is spacious and quiet on Sunday evening ...
5	Just had amazing stay at Marriott Yogyakarta last week, the service was impeccable (thank you ms. rosa for the fast service to prepare new room key for me), amenity are great (loves that jamu in a bottle), beautiful room facing to the pool and delicious food at the buffet breakfast (the omelette steak so.. yummy). Sadly i stay only one night there.
3	This is the first Marriott branded hotel in Yogyakarta. Overall, the hotel is big and still new. It has quite enjoyable atmosphere.  Pool was quite spacious and modern, with kids area. Breakfast selection was OK. Junior Suite was very modern and spacious. All the furniture and design was fantastic.  M Club also very enjoyable.  Despite all of good things above, this hotel lack the essence of Marriott Hospitality. As an elite member, I was quite disappointed with the level of service given almost by all the staff including the front door security.  1. Check-in process take ages. No one else on the queue and it still took me 20 minutes to check-in. 2. During check-out process I was served by Rosa. She didn’t even ask how was my stay, or even greet me and last but no least no thank…
4	I stayed at Marriott Yogyakarta for one night with my family, new building, nice staffs, big room, lovely pool and nice breakfast. They have a long sofa in front of window. And the good news is this hotel have a direct access to the Hartono Mall, absolutely falling in love with this hotel, will be back there on our next vacay!!
5	Great places for stay closed with the airport, easy access to shopping mall, temptation selection of buffet breakfast, specially for the omelette steak. Suspicion room with rain shower can refresh your day. I love the personal amenities contain with local item remind you that you stay at Jogja .Large infinity pool with Merapi view in the morning, feel a magic moment.  Last but not least congratulation for the opening, wishing you all the best and become no.1 destination hotel at Jogja and Central of Java.
5	When Me and my wife heard that some new Marriott hotel was just opened in Yogyakarta, we immediately decided to choose it. And we are really enjoy it. Perfect service, amazing rooms and this UNBELIEVABLE breakfast that we visit. You just can't imagine how great it is. They have everything, sushi, soup, pancakes fruit shakes, noodles, coconut cookies! Everything! Thank you for everything!
4	This hotel very huge and awesome! They have life kitchen and some various menus in a specific theme everyday, called Yogyakarta Kitchen. Their staff very friendly, nice and also standby for us anytime we need assistance to get some food or beverage. They have fresh juice corner & sushi bar also!! Sitting down in back side, we can see beautiful cloud and enjoy the good cappucino is our routine in the evening. The room, we love it, big bathroom, big dining table (roundtable), big sofabed and very cozy if we bring family (2 kids below 17 YO). Pool is very exciting place, outdoor and can laydown to enjoy the air. Can't imagine Yogyakarta have this awesome hotel but now it's happen, they have the big red M called Yogyakarta Marriott Hotel.
5	The hotel features the largest pillar-less ballroom and Club Lounge in town, the most guestroom inventory with 347 rooms, and the latest design with an interactive open kitchen concept at the all-day dining Yogyakarta Kitchen restaurant. This is the latest five- star hotel in the city where traditions meet modern life. Cultural sites like the Keraton Royal Palace and Malioboro Street are only 20 minutes away, while the largest shopping mall and entertainment center in Central Java is right next door.
